....................Axar's bowling, Jadeja's batting major concern areas for India: Dinesh Karthik...So, that's it from our side. Bangladesh showed today what they are capable of. India won't be too disappointed as their players were exposed to pressure situations and they always help in big match situations. Got to feel for Gill, he batted out of his skin on a tough track but ended up on the losing side. So, all boils down to the grand finale of the Asia Cup now where India will tussle against Sri Lanka, the defending champions, for the coveted trophy. Do join us on 17th of September to catch all the action. Till then, goodbye and cheers!.Our #FantasyHandbook experts had a decent day at the office. We suggested having Shakib Al Hasan as one of the C/VC options. Also, some of our other picks performed well. Subscribe to #CricbuzzPlus to get such exclusive tips....Shakib Al Hasan | Bangladesh captain & Player of the Match: Yes, we gave the guys a chance who haven't played much. After the last couple of games here, we thought spinners will do well. Today, I went early and had time to spend on the crease. It was a challenging wicket. It was seaming a bit and it got easier when the ball got older. (On Mahedi Hasan) It wasn't an easy time to bowl, he came to bowl and got us the breakthrough. He also bowled five overs at the end which is not easy for a spinner. Also, Tanzim bowled well at the start and took two wickets. We have got a very good team. A lot of players injured and some going in and out, that didn't help us. I think we will be a dangerous side in the World Cup..Stats courtesy Roshan Gede.Most wickets in India vs Bangladesh ODIs

29 - Shakib Al Hasan
25 - Mustafizur Rahman
23 - Mashrafe Mortaza
18 - Mohammad Rafique
16 - Ajit Agarkar.Bangladesh’s wins against India in multi-nation ODI tournaments

By 5 wickets - Port of Spain, CWC 2007
By 5 wickets - Mirpur, Asia Cup 2012
By 6 runs - Colombo RPS, Asia Cup 2023.Bangladesh have now won three of their last four ODIs against India.

This is the first time in 13 matches that a team batting first has won an India vs Bangladesh contest in Asia Cup (ODIs)..Rohit Sharma | India captain: We wanted to give some game time to the guys, keeping the bigger picture in mind. Not compromising on how we wanted to play this game. Get in some players who are likely to play the World Cup. Axar batted brilliantly but couldn't finish. He showed a lot of character. But credit to the Bangladesh bowlers. Gill's hundred was brilliant. He backs his game, he knows exactly how he wants to play. Pretty clear on what he wants to do for the team. Look at his form over the last year. Pretty solid against the new ball. Works really hard, there's no optional practice for Gill..Tanzim Hasan: First wicket of Rohit bhai was a dream wicket. I concentrate on line and length and that is how I get success. When my team needs me to bowl longer spell, I am mentally prepared for that. Two ball eight runs it was so tight so I went for the yorker. We are going with a very good win against India..Cricbuzz Live Hindi: India v Bangladesh, Super 4, Post-match show...23:05 Local Time, 17:35 GMT, 23:05 IST: Good win for Bangladesh as they end their campaign on a high. For India they rested their big guns ahead of the final and wanted to chase under lights - so they got what they wanted except the result. Tanzim Hasan Sakib the debutant struck twice early on including the big wicket of Rohit. Shubman Gill though stuck around and kept one end going as wickets fell at the other. He got his 100 but his dismissal changed the game and at the end despite Axar's effort, it was not enough. Bangladesh went in with four spinners and all of them tied down the batters in the middle overs. The pitch had turn and they used it to good effect. The pacers shared 5 wickets amongst themselves and helped close out the game in the end. Stay tuned for the presentation....Tanzim Hasan Sakib to Shami, out Shami Run Out!! 1 run completed. Never a 2nd there. Yorker dug out to deep backward square leg and Shami is too slow to turn around, rocket throw on top of the stumps to Litton Das and Shami is well out. Bangladesh win by 6 runs. Shami run out (Tanzid Hasan/Litton Das) 6(6) [4s-1].Tanzim Hasan Sakib to Shami, THATS OUT!! Run Out!!.Bangladesh win! Shami is run-out..8 off 2.Tanzim Hasan Sakib to Shami, FOUR, the game just about alive. Shami picks the slower ball off-cutter and heaves over mid-wicket, places it in the gap.Tanzim Hasan Sakib to Shami, no run, third dot in a row. Another back of the hand slower ball on the stumps, Shami lofts and misses, bounces over the stumps.Tanzim Hasan Sakib to Shami, no run, slower ball and well bowled outside off, Shami slogs and misses.The physio runs out to have the mandatory concussion test. Side of the helmet and Shami looks fine..Tanzim Hasan Sakib to Shami, no run, dug in short on the stumps, Shami pulls and misses, hit on the helmet I think.Tanzim Hasan Sakib [7.0-1-27-2] is back into the attack.....................Kuldeep Yadav emerging as India's MVP with the ball in ODIs: Harsha Bhogle...So India are into the final. Bangladesh are out. The race is there for the other two teams to join them. The tournament takes a day's break now. We will be back day after for all the action as the Asia Cup resumes. Till then eat, rest and be well. See you!.Our hunch was right - we asked you to pick Wellalage as the differential player in your Fantasy teams. And how well did that move turn out to be! For more such cracking picks, do subscribe to Cricbuzz Plus where you will get all these and more in our Fantasy Handbook for the game..Dunith Wellalage | Player of the Match: First of all I want to congratulate the Indian team. They have so many experienced players but unfortunately we lost the game but we have another game and we want to put up a good fight. Kuldeep is a great bowler, I tried to play my normal game with a positive mindset. I want to thank my team-mates and my coaching staff - they gave me great support..Rohit Sharma | Indian captain: Was a good game. For us also to play a game like that under pressure on a slightly challenging pitch. Challenging in a lot of aspects. Definitely looking to play on pitches like this to see what we can achieve, we might as well come here and play on pitches like these. [on Hardik] He has worked really hard in his bowling for the last couple of years. It doesn't happen overnight and it's pleasing to see. He looked like taking a wicket off every ball. Was not an easy target to defend as the pitch got easier at the end and we had to put it consistently in one area and I think we did quite well. [on Kuldeep] For the past year or so bowling really really well. He has done a lot of hard work on his rhythm. He went back to the drawing board and worked on it. The ball is coming out nicely and you can see the results in the last 10 ODIs..Stats by Roshan Gede.Most consecutive ODI wins
21 - Australia (Jan 2003 - May 2003)
13 - Sri Lanka (June 2023 - Sept 2023)
12 - South Africa (Feb 2005 - Oct 2005)
12 - Pakistan (Nov 2007 - Jun 2008)
12 - South Africa (Sept 2016 - Feb 2017)
- That brings an end to Sri Lanka's 13-match winning streak in ODIs..Fastest to 150 ODI wickets among spinners (by matches)
78 - Saqlain Mushtaq
80 - Rashid Khan
84 - Ajantha Mendis
88 - Kuldeep Yadav
89 - Imran Tahir.Fastest to 150 ODI wickets - by matches taken (India)
80 - Mohammed Shami
88 - Kuldeep Yadav
97 - Ajit Agarkar
103 - Zaheer Khan
106 - Anil Kumble
106 - Irfan Pathan.Five-wicket haul and 40-plus runs in an ODI for SL
5/58 & 44(28) - Sanath Jayasuriya vs WI, Port of Spain, 1997
5/43 & 42(19) - Dasun Shanaka vs IRE, Dublin (Malahide), 2016
5/40 & 42*(46)  - Dunith Wellalage vs IND, Colombo RPS, 2023
5/47 & 40(29) - Thilan Thushara vs IND, Colombo RPS, 2008
- Wellalage is also the first to achieve this double in the Asia Cup (ODIs)..Dasun Shanaka | Sri Lanka captain: We didn't expect this kind of wicket, I thought it was a batting wicket but we adjusted well, especially Wellalage, DDS and Asalanka. The luxury of two genuine batters, they have been bowling in the nets and I know their real potential, today I had the option of using them today. Seeing the last game against Bangladesh I knew he (Wellalage) would do something special today, he took Kohli's wicket and I was pretty sure it was his day and will take a couple more wickets..KL Rahul: It was amazing, we were tested throughout. We were not on the field for 100 overs but how many ever overs we were there it tested us physically, great to see we turned up today and gave it our best. We turned up and that is a big tick mark for us as a team. Always happy when I contribute to the team, when you are batting in the middle order it is important to build partnerships. I have been out for 4-5 months, I will take anything that comes, it was a crucial partnership with Kishan. Third day in a row playing at the same vene, bit of spin but we managed it really well, we were 20-30 runs short, few more partnerships could have got us to 230-240. When you are behind the stumps, you have a good idea as to what the batter is doing and I just passed on the message, luckily it worked for Kuldeep (referring to his tip to Kuldeep before Samarawickrama's dismissal)..Cricbuzz Live Hindi: India v Sri Lanka, Super 4, Post-match show...22:57 Local Time, 17:27 GMT, 22:57 IST: India it is who end the 13-match winning run of Sri Lanka in ODIs. The pitch was not an easy one and as such chasing 214 was not going to be easy. Bumrah and Siraj took 3 quick wickets to dent the top-order and then when Sadeera and Asalanka were forging a stand, Kuldeep Yadav came on and broke that. Then Jadeja took over to reduce Sri Lanka to 99/6 but DdS and Wellalage brought their side back into it with a 63-run stand. At that stage it was Sri Lanka who were slightly ahead but DdS in trying to hit a boundary holed out and despite Wellalage hanging in there, the others caved in. The pitch did not help the spinners as much as it did in the first innings, but India were relentless with their attack and fielding. A total team effort as one saw everyone switched on with Kohli often giving Rohit advice. With this win, India are into the final. Sri Lanka on the other hand had a great winning run but it has ended today against a very good Indian side. Stay tuned for the presentation....Kuldeep Yadav to Pathirana, out Bowled!! Poor shot and India win. Very full on the stumps, Pathirana attempts the sweep and misses, the ball sneaks through the legs to hit timber. It's 150 ODI wickets for Kuldeep Yadav as well. Pathirana b Kuldeep Yadav 0(2).Kuldeep Yadav to Pathirana, THATS OUT!! Bowled!!.Kuldeep Yadav to Pathirana, no run, keeps low and turns in on the stumps, Pathirana does well to turn it to square leg.Matheesha Pathirana, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Kuldeep Yadav to Rajitha, out Bowled!! What a googly and knocked over. Kuldeep Yadav begins with the googly, pitches around leg-stump, squares Rajitha up and knocks back the top of off-stump. India just one wicket away now. Rajitha b Kuldeep Yadav 1(2).Kuldeep Yadav to Rajitha, THATS OUT!! Bowled!!.Kuldeep Yadav [9.0-0-43-2] is back into the attack.Hardik Pandya to Rajitha, 1 run, full and snaking back in on middle, flicked to mid-wicket and Rajitha is away.Kasun Rajitha, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Hardik Pandya to Theekshana, out Caught by (sub)Suryakumar Yadav!! Fantastic catch and it is SKY. Length delivery on the stumps, angling into Theekshana who flicks and it is in the gap too but SKY at mid-on moves to his right and dives forward to take it low down and just from the grass. Had the fingers under the ball. The third ump has an easy decision to make. Theekshana c (sub)Suryakumar Yadav b Hardik Pandya 2(14).Hardik Pandya to Theekshana, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.SKY has caught it and is claiming the catch. They go upstairs. Clean and gone..Hardik Pandya to Theekshana, no run, another grunty effort-filled length delivery from Hardik Pandya, on the stumps, defended to cover.Hardik Pandya still trash-talking. The crowd getting into it too..Hardik Pandya to Theekshana, no run, back of a length on the stumps, 136kph and tight, Theekshana defends off the back foot.Maestro Manohar: Irrespective of the result, you got to credit Dunith, got a fifer earlier and now playing a vital knock in a tricky run-chase, what temperament!! All the signs of becoming a great player in the future..Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Wellalage punches to sweeper cover.The wide slip has moved a bit closer to Rahul.Theekshana goes to Wellalage to have a word..Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, full and wide outside off, Wellalage goes for a big loft and misses. Poor shot and Wellalage knows it, walks away.Spin will play a defining role in India defending 214 against SL: Zaheer Khan...Jadeja to Theekshana, no run, flat good length outside off, dabbed to backward point.Jadeja to Theekshana, no run, full on the stumps, Theekshana pushes and it's a soft leading-edge to cover which rolls.Jadeja to Theekshana, no run, fullish and straight on the stumps, defended back.Jadeja to Wellalage, 1 run, Wellalage comes down the track nudges wide of short fine-leg for one.Jadeja to Wellalage, no run, flat on the middle and leg line, nudged to backward square leg.Jadeja to Theekshana, 1 run, run-out missed by Jadeja! Suicidal call from Wellalage to run when pushed to Jadeja's right, the bowler gets across and cuts it off, turns around and fires it in one motion, doesn't miss by much too. Theekshana had given up.Hardik Pandya to Theekshana, 1 run, good length on off, pushed to extra-cover and it's an easy single.Hardik Pandya to Theekshana, no run, dug in short at Theekshana who bends his head and lets it go.Hardik Pandya to Theekshana, no run, good stop by Kohli at cover, saves a run. A good length in-angler and defended wide of Kohli.Again Kohli in Rohit's ear..Hardik Pandya to Theekshana, no run, wide of the crease and angling into middle and leg, nudged to mid-wicket.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, 1 run, fullish around off, Wellalage opens the face of the bat and runs it down to third man.subhash: Maheesh Theekshana is a reasonable bat as he showed against AFG.... Match is moving towards a cliffhanger.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, FOUR, the luck is with Wellalage. Full and angling away from him just outside off, he drives and the thick outside-edge is found but just wide of Gill to his right at a wide slip. Also too wide of Rahul. Runs away for four.Long chat between Rohit, Kohli and Pandya..Jadeja to Theekshana, no run, beaten again! Sharp turn from a flatter trajectory, Theekshana pushes and is lucky not to edge that.Jadeja to Theekshana, no run, wow! That's so close to the outside-edge and off-stump. Jadeja goes wide of the crease and bowls it fullish just outside off, Theekshana is lucky that he survived.Jadeja to Theekshana, no run, flat trajectory but pitches just outside off and turns away to beat the outside-edge.Maheesh Theekshana, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Two slips..Jadeja to Dhananjaya, out Caught by Shubman Gill!! Jadeja breaks the threatening stand. Saw mid-on was inside and wanted to go over that man, but does not get the elevation as the bat turns and Gill takes a good overhead catch. DdS knew it as soon as he hit that, he was in trouble. The game turns again. Dhananjaya c Shubman Gill b Jadeja 41(66) [4s-5].Jadeja to Dhananjaya, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Jadeja to Wellalage, 1 run, full on off, defended wide of cover for an easy one.Jadeja to Wellalage, FOUR, Wellalage is hitting all the crucial shots. Tossed up outside off, he comes down the track and drills the drive past Dhananjaya. Mid-off was inside.Hardik Pandya to Dhananjaya, no run, lovely delivery, wide of the crease and back of a length outside off, extra bounce too, Dhananjaya tries to run it down and misses.Hardik Pandya to Dhananjaya, no run, full outside off, Dhananjaya gets forward to drive to mid-off.Hardik Pandya to Dhananjaya, no run, back of a length on the stumps, 137kph, Dhananjaya goes on the back foot to defend.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Wellalage stands tall to punch to sweeper cover.Hardik Pandya is trying to get into Wellalage's head by trash-talking after every delivery. The 20-year-old though is having none of it. Does not engage at all..Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, good length and tight on the stumps, defended.A wide slip. Almost a fourth slip..Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, dug in short outside off, left alone.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, slower and fuller on the stumps, Dhananjaya with a neat forward defence to cover.Jadeja to Wellalage, 1 run, on the middle and leg line, Wellalage glances to fine-leg.Jadeja to Wellalage, no run, fullish on the stumps, nudged to square leg.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, 1 run, full on the stumps, pushed wide of cover.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, my word! A hair's breadth away from off-stump. Rahul and Jadeja can't believe it. Drift into middle, beats the forward defence and misses the outside-edge and off-stump.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, flat length on the stumps, Dhananjaya pushes to backward point.Manav: This match is turning out to be as interesting as SL vs AFG. India need to break this partnership otherwise this game is gone for them..Ravindra Jadeja [7.0-0-24-1] is back into the attack.Cricbuzz Comm Box: India v Sri Lanka, Super Fours, 2nd innings, Over No. 35...Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, nice delivery and Hardik Pandya follows through near Wellalage after beating him. Starts full around middle, snakes away late and beats the forward defence.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, full outside off, moving away, left alone.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, fullish outside off, angling away from Wellalage who hides the bat inside the pad to leave.Hardik Pandya to Dhananjaya, 1 run, good length just outside off, Dhananjaya runs it down to third man.Hardik Pandya to Dhananjaya, no run, beautiful delivery. A short of length delivery in the corridor of uncertainty, seam-up and holds its line to beat the poke.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, 1 run, slower ball off-cutter on a length on the stumps, Wellalage runs it down to third man.Hardik Pandya [1.0-0-3-0] is back into the attack.Lots of advice from Kohli to Rohit between overs. Rohit calmly listens and nods..Bumrah to Wellalage, 1 run, full outside off, Wellalage drives to sweeper cover.Bumrah to Dhananjaya, 1 run, slower ball off-cutter on a length on off, dabbed with an open face to third man.Bumrah to Dhananjaya, 2 runs, dug in short on the stumps, Dhananjaya pulls wide of mid-wicket and comes back for two. The 50-run stand is up as well.Bumrah to Dhananjaya, no run, back of a length on the stumps, Dhananjaya gets forward to defend to backward point.Bumrah to Dhananjaya, no run, another slower ball off-cutter on a fullish length, Dhananjaya pushes to cover and looks surprised.Bumrah to Dhananjaya, no run, Dhananjaya is wringing his bottom-hand in pain. The slower ball off-cutter into the pitch, spits at Dhananjaya who defends it and is rapped on the glove.Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, 2 runs, right in between three fielders at deep mid-wicket. Wellalage gets a fat top-edge on the slogsweep and the ball falls safely.Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, no run, tossed up fullish on the stumps, Wellalage goes on the back foot and nudges to slip, did not pick it off the hand, did so off the pitch.Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, SIX, wow! Look at that shot and look at the reaction from Kuldeep Yadav who goes - that was good! The slogsweep from the stumps and clears the deep mid-wicket fence with ease. Clean strike. The crowd totally behind Sri Lanka now.Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, no run, confusion between both but all's well in the end. Defended to backward point and it's Jadeja as well, both smile at each other.Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, 2 runs, this is short and wide outside off, cut wide of sweeper cover for two.Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, no run, Wellalage wanted to come down or at least feigned to do so, but the length is shortened and the ball turns past the bat.Bumrah to Dhananjaya, FOUR, width and four. A back of a length delivery outside off, Dhananjaya punches wide of backward point and third man is far too fine to get across in time.Bumrah to Dhananjaya, no run, superb yorker on off, nicely dug out too.Bumrah to Dhananjaya, no run, short of length on the stumps, angling into Dhananjaya who goes on the back foot to defend to backward point.Bumrah to Wellalage, 1 run, good length angling into middle and leg, Wellalage on the nudge gets an inside-edge onto the pads, which runs away to deep backward square leg.Bumrah to Wellalage, no run, good short ball at Wellalage who arches his back and sways away to leave.Bumrah is round the wicket to Wellalage.Bumrah to Wellalage, no run, back of a length on off, defended to backward point.Jasprit Bumrah [5.0-1-21-2] is back into the attack.Time for a drink. Match nicely poised. This partnership keeping Sri Lanka in it. But India know that one more wicket and they are right into the bowlers..Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, 1 run, Wellalage comes down the track and pushes it past Kuldeep Yadav for one.TNS: @Shubam I don't think that the pitch is behaving the same way as the 1st innings..Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, no run, slower and spin outside off, Wellalage looks to punch and misses. Close to the outside-edge.Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, no run, fullish on off, steered to backward point.Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, 2 runs, short and wide outside off, cut wide of sweeper cover and it's an easy two.Kuldeep Yadav to Wellalage, FOUR, Wellalage is not going to hang back. Gives Kuldeep Yadav the charge and lofts wide and over mid-on. Got to the pitch and put it away.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, 1 run, flat good length on the stumps, Dhananjaya sinks low and smites to deep square leg.Kuldeep Yadav [7.0-0-25-2] is back into the attack.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, 1 run, full on the stumps, driven off a thick inside-edge to the mid-wicket region.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, very full on the stumps, driven back.chetan pandey: Sri Lanka are very good when extracting low bounce, turning pitches. Yes, their batting is not that strong, but most of the times they restrict opponents at chaseable total..Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, fullish on leg-stump, Dhananjaya gets forward to block.Jadeja to Wellalage, 1 run, full outside off, driven wide of mid-off.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, 1 run, good length outside off, punched to sweeper cover and Dhananjaya wanted two, but Wellalage sends him back.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, full on the stumps, pushed back.Axar to Dhananjaya, 1 run, flat length delivery outside off, Dhananjaya cuts to sweeper cover.Axar to Dhananjaya, no run, full on the stumps, pushed back.Shubam: Though wickets have fallen, Indian spinners have not been as effective as Sri Lankan spinners in controlling runs..Axar to Dhananjaya, FOUR, calculated risk and four. Full on the stumps, Dhananjaya gets forward and lofts over mid-on. This is a good over for Sri Lanka.Axar to Wellalage, 1 run, good length and turns in to middle-stump, nudged to deep backward square leg.Axar to Wellalage, no run, Wellalage steps out and pushes it back.Axar to Wellalage, no run, tossed up on the stumps, Wellalage gets forward to defend to cover.Axar over the wicket now.Axar to Wellalage, 5 wides, poor ball. Down leg, turns further and Rohit is not happy. Rahul had no chance and it runs away for bonus runs.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, very full on the stumps, dug out.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, lovely delivery, full on off, just the hint of turn away to beat the push and misses both the outside-edge and off-stump by the tiniest of margins.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, on the stumps, fullish, turned to mid-wicket.Jadeja to Wellalage, 1 run, loud shout for LBW but not given. Quicker length delivery turns in, looks like it is pad-first as replays show. If that is the case, then Wellalage is lucky. Was very adjacent too, India don't review and the impact is ump's call so even if they had reviewed, would not have been overturned.Jadeja to Wellalage, 2 runs, slides across Wellalage on a length outside off, Wellalage dabs wide of slip for a couple. The chance was there for a third but slack running.Jadeja to Wellalage, no run, wow! Wellalage goes on the back foot to cut but it has turned and bounced at him from a good length, hit on the glove and drops down.Axar to Wellalage, 1 run, good length on the stumps, Wellalage goes on the back foot to nudge to deep backward square leg.Axar to Wellalage, no run, slides across Wellalage who is beaten on the forward defence.Axar to Dhananjaya, 1 run, full outside off, driven to long-off for one.Axar to Wellalage, 1 run, good length on the middle and leg line, nudged to deep backward square leg.Axar to Dhananjaya, 1 run, tossed up full outside off, heaved to deep mid-wicket for one.Axar to Dhananjaya, no run, slower on a length outside off, cut to point and it's not timed.Jadeja to Wellalage, leg byes, 2 runs, Wellalage gets across his stumps and tries to lap the ball to fine-leg, misses, off the body I think for a couple of legbyes.Jadeja to Wellalage, no ball, uh-oh! Jadeja has overstepped. Length delivery on the stumps, defended back and it will be a free-hit now.Jadeja to Wellalage, no run, fullish on the pads, nudged to mid-wicket.Now Gill is at slip not Rohit..Jadeja to Dhananjaya, 1 run, good length outside off, cut to sweeper cover.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, full on the leg-stump, forward defence.Jadeja to Wellalage, 1 run, flat back of a length on the middle and leg line, glanced to fine-leg.Dunith Wellalage, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Jadeja to Shanaka, out Caught by Rohit!! Good low catch and Jadeja strikes on his return. Tossed up full outside off, Shanaka pushes away from the body, it turns away and the outside-edge is found, dying on Rohit who dives to his right and takes it superbly with both hands low. Shanaka c Rohit b Jadeja 9(13) [4s-1].Jadeja to Shanaka, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Ravindra Jadeja [4.0-0-15-0] is back into the attack.Kuldeep's turnaround inspiring, never easy to change technique: Parthiv Patel...Axar to Dhananjaya, no run, fullish outside off, Dhananjaya cuts and misses, too close to cut.Axar to Shanaka, 1 run, flat good length outside off, punched to long-on.Axar to Dhananjaya, 1 run, no turn at all for Axar, good length outside off, punched wide of cover's dive.Axar to Shanaka, 1 run, fullish on off, driven wide of cover.Axar to Dhananjaya, 1 run, slower on off, Dhananjaya gets forward to push wide of cover.Axar to Dhananjaya, no run, good length on off, Dhananjaya gets forward to defend to cover.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, leg byes, 1 run, sliding down leg, Dhananjaya flicks and misses, off the pad for a legbye.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, no run, another flatter delivery on the stumps, turned to square leg.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, no run, flat good length on the stumps, defended off the back foot to mid-wicket.Kuldeep Yadav to Shanaka, 1 run, flat length delivery on off, Shanaka goes on the back foot to punch to long-on.Kuldeep Yadav to Shanaka, no run, Shanaka is very lucky. Premeditated the reverse-sweep and got something on it, otherwise he was dead in front.Kuldeep Yadav to Shanaka, no run, superb delivery, tossed up and goes the other way outside off as Shanaka going back to defend is beaten.Axar to Dhananjaya, FOUR, second boundary in the over. Drifts in and is right in the slot, Dhananjaya sits down and nails the slog sweep over mid-wicket, one bounce and over the ropes.Axar to Dhananjaya, no run, flighted outside off, Dhananjaya reaches for the drive and slices it on the bounce to backward point.Axar to Dhananjaya, FOUR, short of length outside off, Dhananjaya allows the ball to arrive and steers it behind square on the off-side.Axar to Dhananjaya, no run, touch slower and hint of turn, Dhananjaya defends off the outer half and Rohit makes a good stop diving to his right at slip.Axar to Dhananjaya, no run, 95ks delivery on off, Dhananjaya blocks it to the off-side.Axar to Shanaka, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Shanaka cracks it to sweeper cover.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, no run, tossed up on off, Dhananjaya defends to the off-side.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, 2 runs, leg-lined delivery, Dhananjaya nurdles it backward of square leg and scampers back for the second.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, 2 runs, slower and turns in, Dhananjaya goes for the sweep and the top-edge balloons over leg slip, Jadeja tidies up.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, no run, drifts across off, Dhananjaya attempts the sweep and plays over it, beaten on the under-edge.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, no run, flighted on off, Dhananjaya prods forward and defends.Leg slip has moved squarer.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, no run, fraction short and Dhananjaya misses the flick to the leg-side, struck high on the pad.Axar to Shanaka, no run, 96ks delivery darted in, Shanaka defends to silly point.Axar to Shanaka, no run, 98ks fuller and at the stumps, Shanaka defends back to Axar.Axar to Shanaka, no run, 95ks short of length on off, Shanaka makes room and punches to cover.Gill comes in at silly point.Axar to Dhananjaya, 1 run, flatter delivery around off, Dhananjaya punches to sweeper cover.Rohit at slip.Axar to Dhananjaya, no run, sliding in on off-stump, Dhananjaya prods forward and blocks to cover.Axar to Dhananjaya, no run, slower and drifts in, Dhananjaya stays back and defends.Axar Patel, Left arm orthodox, comes into the attack.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, 1 run, slower but length is short, Dhananjaya tucks it round the corner.Kuldeep Yadav to Shanaka, 1 run, short of length around leg-stump, Shanaka punches it to deep mid-wicket.Kuldeep Yadav to Shanaka, no run, touch quicker on off, Shanaka defends it back to Kuldeep.Kuldeep Yadav to Shanaka, FOUR, offered a gift first up and Shanaka accepts it happily. Overcooks the flighted delivery outside off and Shanaka drills the drive through extra cover. Kuldeep got a bit greedy there with his length.Dasun Shanaka, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, out Caught by Rahul!! Second wicket for Kuldeep and he has sent back both set batters. Asalanka has a chat with Dhananjaya about the review and decides to walk. Flighted and drifts in, Asalanka sits down to sweep and gets a bit of glove as the ball lobs off the pad, Rahul shows superb awareness to dive in front to his right and take it low to the ground. Umpire Richard Illingworth knew there was some contact and had his finger up in a flash. Asalanka c Rahul b Kuldeep Yadav 22(35) [4s-2].Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, no run, tossed up close to off, Asalanka blocks to the off-side.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, flighted and the ball straightens, Dhananjaya defends to backward point.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, slower and around off, Dhananjaya plays it into the off-side and wants a single, sent back.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, FOUR, in the air and wide of mid-wicket. Fraction short, Dhananjaya sits down and pulls it over mid-wicket. Just managed to clear Hardik in that region.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, 100ks fuller and hint of turn, Dhananjaya defends with soft hands and the outside edge goes on the bounce to slip.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, drags the length back and spins away, once again Dhananjaya has a poke and is beaten.Jadeja to Dhananjaya, no run, flatter and sharp turn, Dhananjaya goes following the ball and is beaten on the outside edge.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, 1 run, slower but fraction short, Dhananjaya nudges it to deep square leg.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, no run, spinning into the hips, Dhananjaya tucks it towards leg slip and Gill makes a fine stop.Leg slip added.Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjaya, no run, floated up outside off, Dhananjaya pushes off the inner half to mid-wicket.Dhananjaya de Silva, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, out Stumped!! There's the wicket India desperately needed. Needless from Samarawickrama. The runs were coming and there was no need to take on Kuldeep, but he tries to go big and perishes in the process. Shimmies down the wicket and does not get to the pitch of the ball, still goes through with the heave and is beaten on the inside edge, Rahul does the rest behind the stumps and the square leg umpire does not even bother to send it upstairs. He was deceived in flight there. Samarawickrama st Rahul b Kuldeep Yadav 17(31) [4s-1].Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, THATS OUT!! Stumped!!.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, no run, half an apppeal for LBW. Slower and turns in, Samarawickrama misses the clip and is rapped on the pads, too much spin and would have missed leg-stump.Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, 1 run, short and turning away, Asalanka late cuts and Jadeja makes an important interception near short third.Jadeja to Asalanka, 1 run, flatter and leg-lined, Asalanka flicks backward of square leg.Jadeja to Asalanka, 2 runs, dropped! Kishan has put it down. Looks like he misjudged it and then tried to get there with a dive. Asalanka goes for the sweep and the top-edge flies towards deep square leg. Kishan is late to react and puts the dive to take it close to the ground, the ball does not stick. Is that going to cost them the game?.Jadeja to Asalanka, no run, 99ks delivery and turns into leg, Asalanka defends to mid-wicket.Jadeja to Samarawickrama, 1 run, quicker and around off, Samarawickrama eases it to sweeper cover.Jadeja to Asalanka, 1 run, leg-lined delivery and Asalanka flicks it to deep backward square.Jadeja to Asalanka, no run, 99ks short of length delivery, Asalanka closes the bat face and the leading edge bounces in front of backward point.The two batters are playing the spinners without much trouble. They're using the sweep and their feet, also nudging it around and keeping the scoreboard ticking..Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, no run, comes down the track and misses the flick, rapped on the pads but the ball was spinning.Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, 1 run, tossed up on middle, Asalanka nudges it to square leg.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, 1 run, nurdled with the spin backward of square leg.Straightish short mid-wicket in place.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, 2 runs, short and drifted across, Samarawickrama cracks it in front of square and Axar stops it with his boot, the pair are content with a brace.Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, 1 run, flighted outside off, Asalanka opens the bat face and eases it past cover.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, 1 run, spinning into leg-stump, Samarawickrama glances it to fine leg.Cricbuzz Comm Box: India v Sri Lanka, Super Fours, 2nd innings, Over No. 15...Jadeja to Samarawickrama, 1 run, 94ks delivery that drifts in, Samarawickrama flicks to deep square leg.'Dheere daal, dheere daal (bowl slowly, bowl slowly),' quips Rahul from behind the stumps.Jadeja to Asalanka, 1 run, spins in and Asalanka stabs it off the inner portion wide of mid-wicket.Jadeja to Samarawickrama, 1 run, fuller delivery on off, Samarawickrama eases it to long-off.Jadeja to Asalanka, 1 run, flatter and not much turn, Asalanka sweeps to deep square leg.Jadeja to Asalanka, no run, turning into the pads, Asalanka misses the glance and is hit on the pad.Jadeja to Asalanka, no run, loud shout for LBW. Jadeja has a look at Rahul and he tells him that the ball is spinning. Asalanka misses the sweep and is struck right in front of the stumps, but the ball was spinning and would have missed leg. There was some glove as well.Drinks are on the field now.. Bumrah and Siraj gave India the perfect start by removing the top three cheaply. But these two have batted sensibly and kept the scoreboard moving. Spin was just introduced and it has started to get more exciting especially with the crowd getting involved and cheering the home team..Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, no run, very full delivery outside off, Samarawickrama digs the drive towards cover.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, no run, tossed up around off, Samarawickrama drives it back to Kuldeep.Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, 1 run, floated up on leg-stump, Asalanka nudges it to the vacant mid-wicket region.Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, no run, slower and turning away, Asalanka directs it towards point.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, 1 run, comes down the track and works it with the spin to long-on.Just a slip for Samarawickrama.Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, 3 runs, flighted on off, Asalanka drags the sweep to fine leg and it is a long chase for a returning Bumrah, he gets there and manages to keep it in before the boundary rope.Jadeja to Samarawickrama, no run, tad short and turns away, Samarawickrama attempts a half-hearted cut and is beaten.Jadeja to Samarawickrama, no run, drifts across and straightens, Samarawickrama closes the bat face and the leading edge rolls to point.Jadeja to Asalanka, 1 run, leg-lined delivery and Asalanka glances it past Rohit at leg slip, just a single.Leg slip for Asalanka.Jadeja to Samarawickrama, 1 run, too full and on leg-stump, Samarawickrama nudges it to square leg.Jadeja to Samarawickrama, no run, spin for Jadeja. Tossed up outside off and Samarawickrama is drawn into the drive, beaten on the outside edge and once again Rahul does not glove it cleanly.Jadeja to Asalanka, byes, 1 run, turn and bounce. Wow! Asalanka goes for the reverse sweep first up and is beaten due to the turn, Rahul makes a half stop. His keeping skills will be tested on this surface.Ravindra Jadeja, Left arm orthodox, comes into the attack.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, no run, drifted across off, Samarawickrama opens his front hip and pushes to mid-off.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, no run, slower and spinning in, Samarawickrama turns it gently to mid-wicket.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, no run, turning into the right hander, Samarawickrama works it to backward square.Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, byes, 1 run, goes for the sweep and Asalanka misses, the ball stays low and hits Rahul on the pad before deflecting.Kuldeep Yadav to Asalanka, no run, India lose a review. The crowd cheer as they see the flat line. Rohit is disappointed. Rahul kept saying there was no edge but Rohit and Kuldeep were adamant. Tossed up on off, Asalanka is drawn into the forward defensive and the ball spins away to beat the outside edge, hits Rahul's gloves and Rohit collects it at slip.India review! Rohit took the catch and was confident there was a nick. Kuldeep too but Rahul kept shaking his head. The captain has gone with his gut. Who is going to be right? UltraEdge shows a flat line as ball passes the bat. Not Out!.Slip and leg slip in place.Kuldeep Yadav to Samarawickrama, 1 run, flighted but short of length, Samarawickrama nurdles it to square leg.Kuldeep Yadav, left-arm chinaman, comes into the attack.Hardik Pandya to Asalanka, no run, 130ks delivery around off, Asalanka taps it in front of cover.Hardik Pandya to Asalanka, no run, 131ks fuller and close to off, Asalanka blocks it to cover.Hardik Pandya to Asalanka, no run, 118ks slower ball on off, Asalanka plays it with soft hands to cover.Hardik Pandya to Samarawickrama, 1 run, fuller and in the channel, Samarawickrama prods forward and squirts an inside edge to fine leg.No slip for Hardik.Hardik Pandya to Samarawickrama, no run, 128ks back of a length on off, Samarawickrama turns it to mid-on.Sushanth: It just looks like I am watching a complete different match. Indian pacers showing pure class on the same pitch where Sri Lankan spinners took all 10 wickets..Hardik Pandya to Samarawickrama, 2 runs, good length ball outside off, Samarawickrama pushes it in front of square on the off-side and Kishan races across from sweeper cover but can't prevent the second.Hardik Pandya, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack.Jadeja & Axar will hold key in India defending 213 vs Sri Lanka: Dinesh Karthik...Siraj to Asalanka, no run, good length ball on off, Asalanka happy to defend with a straight bat.Siraj to Asalanka, FOUR, lucky! But Asalanka and the crowd don't mind how they come. Short ball dug into the pitch, Asalanka takes it on and the top-edge flies over Rahul, one bounce and over the ropes.Siraj to Asalanka, FOUR, shot! He''s been itching to have a go through the off-side and finally manages to do so. Fuller and outside off, Asalanka leans into the square drive and caresses it through cover-point.Siraj to Asalanka, no run, good length ball slanted across, Asalanka punches it to backward point.Siraj to Asalanka, no run, 137ks delivery at the stumps, Asalanka knocks it back down the wicket.Siraj to Asalanka, no run, on a length and angled across, Asalanka has a slash and is beaten on the outside edge.Bumrah is going off the field. The physio right behind him. 'He did that last night as well,' informs Dominic Cork on air.Bumrah to Samarawickrama, no run, on a length and close to off, Samarawickrama knocks it wide of cover and wants a single, Asalanka is not interested. That was an easy single and the pair have missed out.Bumrah to Samarawickrama, FOUR, does not get the slower ball right, overpitched around off, Samarawickrama delays his drive and creams it past mid-off.Bumrah to Samarawickrama, no run, back of a length outside off, Samarawickrama goes feeling away from the body and is beaten again.Bumrah to Samarawickrama, wide, 141ks bouncer outside off, Samarawickrama lets it pass and once again called for height. Rohit gesturing that it was just above the shoulder and he's standing near mid-off.Bumrah to Samarawickrama, no run, 140ks fullish delivery and Samarawickrama is not in control of the drive, slightly uppish but wide of Bumrah.Bumrah to Samarawickrama, no run, 138ks good length ball outside off, Samarawickrama lifts his bat and lets it go.Bumrah to Samarawickrama, no run, 137ks back of a length close to off, Samarawickrama plays a loose shot and is beaten on the outside edge.Siraj to Asalanka, no run, 139ks good length ball angled across, Asalanka directs it to backward point.Siraj to Asalanka, no run, 141ks delivery aimed for off-stump, Asalanka defends to the off-side.Siraj to Asalanka, no run, 136ks good length ball close to off, Asalanka opens the bat face and angles to point.Siraj to Asalanka, no run, 137ks back of a length around off, Asalanka defends to the off-side.Extra slip added.Siraj to Asalanka, wide, well-directed bouncer and Asalanka is quick to duck under. Called wide for height and all of the Indian fielders are not happy with the decision. Rohit even has a word with umpire Richard Illingworth.Siraj to Asalanka, no run, good length ball around off, Asalanka lifts his bat and lets it go.Charith Asalanka, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Siraj to Karunaratne, out Caught by Shubman Gill!! Sri Lanka's spinners did all the damage while India were batting. But it is India's seamers who are leading the way on their defence of 214. Karunaratne's patience runs out and he flashes at one. Good length ball angled across, Karunaratne goes hard on the cut and the outside edge flies to first slip, Gill shows good reflexes and takes a sharp catch over his head. Sri Lanka three down and the spinners are yet to bowl an over. Karunaratne c Shubman Gill b Siraj 2(18).Siraj to Karunaratne, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Bumrah to Samarawickrama, no run, 141ks delivery speared into the blockhole, Samarawickrama jams it onto his boot. Top quality bowling...Bumrah to Samarawickrama, no run, short and banged into the wicket, Samarawickrama fends it up and the ball lands safely on the pitch.Sadeera Samarawickrama, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, out Caught by (sub)Suryakumar Yadav!! Mendis knew. But he just stuck around to see if he can get away with it. This is where Bumrah is a class apart from others. The kind of variations he has and how well he executes them is the difference. The floaty slower that dips on the batter, Mendis is coming forward to dig it out but is deceived by the lack of pace and lobs it tamely to cover. The ball dipped right in front of his bat and Mendis could not bail out of the shot. Kusal Mendis c (sub)Suryakumar Yadav b Bumrah 15(16) [4s-3].Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Looks like Mendis is caught here. Indians are celebrating. Mendis started to walk. The umpires get together and send it upstairs. They're checking if it is a bump ball or goes on the full. Yup, ball has bounced before and Mendis has spooned it to cover. OUT!.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, 140ks very full and close to yorker length, Mendis digs it back to Bumrah.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, short and banged into the wicket, Mendis looks to upper cut but the ball goes past the top-edge.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, that's more like it. Angled in and this ball does not do much, allows Mendis to go through the line with his loft and he sends it over mid-wicket, couple of bounces and over the rope.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, second maiden for Siraj! Good length ball and Karunaratne angles it with an open bat face to point.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, short of length around off, Karunaratne rides the bounce and punches to mid-off.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, 148ks well-directed short ball on off, Karunaratne sees it all the way and sways out of the line. That's some heat by Siraj.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, 140ks back of a length on off, Karunaratne knocks it down the wicket.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, good length ball close to off, Karunaratne defends with an angled bat to point.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, 141ks short of length around off, Karunaratne punches it to mid-on.Bumrah to Karunaratne, 1 run, leg byes, half hearted appeal for LBW. Nip-backer and Karunaratne is stuck to the crease, gets beaten on the inside edge and the ball deflects to third man. Height was an issue and looked like the ball pitched outside leg as well.Bumrah to Karunaratne, no run, 132ks delivery at the stumps, Karunaratne defends to mid-on.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, angled in on middle and leg, Mendis tucks it wide of mid-wicket and rushes to the other end.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, 141ks short of length delivery, Mendis rides the bounce and punches to backward point.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, streaky! Mendis goes for a wild slog across the line and the top-edge flies over the slip cordon. That should looked ugly and luckily for Mendis the ball evades everyone in the field.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, good length ball close to off, Mendis knocks it on top of the bounce to cover.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, in the air and short of Gill. He was the lone slip fielder. Will the ball carried to second slip? Mendis is squared up as the ball straightens and the outside edge lands in front of first slip, Gill dives to his right and makes a half stop.Siraj to Karunaratne, 1 run, 140ks delivery at the stumps, Karunaratne stabs it wide of mid-wicket and quickly crosses over.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, good length ball outside off, Mendis is unsure to play or not and in the end he's late in lifting his bat, steers it to third man.Second slip is taken off.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, does not adjust to the right hander, drifts onto the pads and Mendis flicks it to deep square leg. He didn't overhit, just timed it perfectly and Kishan's effort goes in vain.Siraj to Karunaratne, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Karunaratne eases it wide of mid-off and gets off the mark.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, angled across and Karunaratne feels the need to play, he has a poke and is lucky not to have edged it.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, wicket maiden! Fuller and angling in, Mendis prods forward and defends to the off-side.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, 136ks delivery close to off, Mendis gets behind the line and blocks to backward point.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, hits the bat hard with an in-angler, Mendis defends with soft hands.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, 138ks back of a length outside off, Mendis lifts his bat and lets it go.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, stifled appeal for LBW. Bumrah quickly gestures it is high. Angled in and straightens, Mendis is squared up and beaten on the outside edge, struck on the back thigh and height did save him.Kusal Mendis, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Bumrah to Nissanka, out Caught by Rahul!! There's the first wicket. Bumrah is pumped. He had not forgotten that drive by Nissanka in the first over. 141ks delivery right in the channel, comes in with Bumrah's angle and then straightens, Nissanka has to play and he only has a poke, the outside edge is dying to the right of Rahul but he dives across and scoops it up. Nissanka c Rahul b Bumrah 6(7) [4s-1].Bumrah to Nissanka, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, maiden! 139ks on a length close to off, stays a tad low and Karunaratne stabs it to the off-side.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, short of length around off, Karunaratne rides the bounce and directs to backward point.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, full pitcher on off, Karunaratne drives it back to Siraj and he fires a throw at the striker's end, the opener gets back in.Run-out check sent upstairs. No excitement in the Indian camp. Karunaratne has got back in. Not Out!.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, 141ks good length ball around off, Karunaratne is drawn into the forward block and the ball shapes away to beat him.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, swings in from back of a length, Karunaratne punches it hard into the ground and Jadeja leaps near backward point to make a one handed stop.Just one slip in place.Siraj to Karunaratne, no run, slanted across and swings away, Karunaratne shoulders arms and the ball does not carry to Rahul.Mohammed Siraj, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack.Bumrah to Nissanka, no run, 140ks fuller than a good length, Nissanka stays back and blocks to cover.Bumrah to Nissanka, wide, 135ks delivery angled down leg, Nissanka has no chance connecting with the glance, Rahul dives to collect.Bumrah to Nissanka, FOUR, shot! Overpitched outside off and Nissanka does not miss out, he drives towards cover and Kishan allows it to escape past him. Easy stop and Kishan made a mess.Bumrah to Nissanka, 2 runs, big inswinger and Nissanka's bat face closes, works it backward of square leg and gets off the mark with a brace. Bumrah twisted his ankle in his followthrough and the whole of India are catching their breathe. He's fine and we can breathe again.Bumrah to Nissanka, no run, 136ks good length ball on off, Nissanka is opened up as he defends to the off-side.Bumrah to Nissanka, no run, 134ks short of length delivery on off, Nissanka drops it with soft hands beside the pitch.Two slips in place.Bumrah to Nissanka, no run, back of a length and hint of away swing, Nissanka lifts his bat and lets it go.Nissanka and Karunaratne are at the crease. Nissanka is on strike. Bumrah will open the attack.Welcome back.. Quick turnaround because of the time lost during the rain delay. It was Sri Lanka's spinners who did all the damage. But India have three quality pacers. Will be interesting to see how Rohit goes about his bowling changes. The players are ready. Bumrah is steaming in and off we go.Stats by Roshan Gede.- The only previous instance of Sri Lanka spinners bagging all 10 wickets in an ODI innings came at the same venue against Zimbabwe in 2001..- This is the 10th instance wherein spinners have bagged all 10 wickets in an ODI innings, the first against India. India had lost nine wickets to spin against Sri Lanka at the same venue back in 1997..Dunith Wellalage: I want to thank my coaches and management especially my spin bowling coach. I tried to bowl my normal variations and not give runs. My dream wicket was Kohli's wicket. The surface is uneven and it is not easy but we have a good batting line-up, we will give a good fight..Cricbuzz Live Hindi: India v Sri Lanka, Super 4, Match Update...19:26 Local Time, 13:56 GMT, 19:26 IST: All 10 wickets to spinners | First time that India have been on the receiving end of that | Also 14th match in a row that Sri Lanka have bowled out their opposition in ODIs. What a turnaround from 80/0. India seemed to be cruising to a big total again but on came Dunith Wellalage and he changed things around. Got the top 3 and then the important wickets of KL Rahul and Hardik. But the surprise was Asalanka's offbreaks who complemented Wellalage with a four-fer. The pitch helped the spinners and it turned quickly too. Shanaka realised that and threw the ball to both DdS and Asalanka and the latter paid back the faith with a fine effort. It's not an easy pitch at all but how will it behave under lights? Will it change? Or be the same? India too have three spinners tonight so expect them to introduce spin early. Should be a rivetting chase. Back for it in 5 minutes....Theekshana to Axar, out Caught by Samarawickrama!! Axar holes out. He comes down the track and is not to the pitch but still lofts, finds long-on and it's a simple catch. India bowled out for 213. Axar c Samarawickrama b Theekshana 26(36) [6s-1].Theekshana to Axar, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Theekshana to Axar, wide, Axar makes room outside the leg-stump and Theekshana bowls a wide outside off, left alone.Pathirana to Axar, 1 run, short and Axar upper-glides wide of third man for one. Retains the strike as well.Pathirana to Siraj, 1 run, good length on off, Siraj opens the face of the bat to guide wide of point.Vikas: What about break? Rain delay will be considered as a break? -- "Just 10 minutes innings break. Most of the Indians players are already ready.".Pathirana to Axar, 1 run, Rajitha at mid-off with a diving stop. Full on the stumps, lofted and Rajitha saved three.Pathirana to Siraj, 1 run, Pathirana went for the yorker but it's a low full-toss on the stumps, flicked wide of mid-wicket.Pathirana to Siraj, no run, good stop by Kusal Mendis, Siraj opens the face of the bat and guides the low yorker to his right and Mendis stops it.Sanyam: How does rain quicken the pitch? I thought more moisture would soften the pitch further. -- "Moisture is different to a wet pitch. Moisture is what you get under the pitch.".Pathirana to Siraj, no run, wide yorker length delivery outside off, Siraj fails to dig it out.Matheesha Pathirana [3.0-0-27-0] is back into the attack.Theekshana to Axar, SIX, that's handy runs. Just clears the leaping Sadeera at long-on. Sadeera gets a fingertip but it just cleared him. Full outside off, Axar lofts and it's a flat hit, just enough.Theekshana to Siraj, 1 run, went for the front pad again, full but Siraj glances to fine-leg.Theekshana to Siraj, no run, the flicker and skids on from a good length to off-stump, Siraj goes on the back foot and gets an inside-edge onto the pads that saves him.Theekshana to Axar, 1 run, tossed up offbreak on the stumps, driven straight to the fielder at long-off.Theekshana to Axar, 2 runs, flat good length outside off, cut hard and wide of sweeper cover for two. 200 is up.Theekshana to Axar, no run, the flicker and stays low outside off, Axar cuts and misses.Theekshana to Axar, wide, starts with a quick drfiter but down leg, Axar glances and misses.Obaid: Will the pitch, outfield, or playing conditions change after this rain break? -- "It was not a heavy shower and the groundsmen were quick to cover the pitch, so it should not change much unless the light rain has done enough to quicken the pitch.".19:06 Local Time, 13:36 GMT, 19:06 IST: Restart at 7:15. No overs lost. The players are coming out. Theekshana to start. From round the wicket..19:00 Local Time, 13:30 GMT, 19:00 IST: An inspection in 5 minutes. All the covers are off and umpire Richard Illingworth is talking to Shanaka and England coach Chris Silverwood. The Sri Lankan players are already out there warming up..18:45 Local Time, 13:15 GMT, 18:45 IST: Now some movement from the groundstaff. Covers coming off. Good news that..18:32 Local Time, 13:02 GMT, 18:32 IST: Live visuals show that the drizzle has lessened. But the covers are still on..Cricbuzz Live Hindi: India v Sri Lanka, Super 4, Mid-innings show...18:23 Local Time, 12:53 GMT, 18:23 IST: It has started drizzling and the covers are coming on. The forecast was for some showers and it has arrived. Let's hope this is a short one..Asalanka to Siraj, no run, another forward defence to cover.Asalanka to Siraj, no run, tossed up full outside off, Siraj gets forward to block.A very short straight mid-wicket.Asalanka to Axar, 1 run, good length and turns away on the stumps, Axar goes on the back foot to punch to long-off.Asalanka to Siraj, 1 run, tossed up full outside off, drop and run to the left of Asalanka, superbly judged.Asalanka to Axar, 1 run, tough catch and it goes down. Drilled back at Asalanka who goes with an outstretched right hand on the leap, does not stick. Maybe two hands was the better option.Asalanka to Axar, no run, flat good length on the stumps, punched back.Theekshana to Axar, 1 run, almost a run-out! Axar edges the cut on to his pad, rolls to cover and Siraj is not ready for the quick single, but drops his bat and hares across, Axar too safely makes it. Shanaka is not too happy with the fielder though.Theekshana to Siraj, 1 run, the googly on middle, tucked away to deep square leg.Theekshana to Axar, 1 run, flat length delivery outside off, cut to sweeper cover.Some ominous clouds in the background and the groundstaff are ready..Theekshana to Axar, no run, full on the stumps, drilled hard and straight to long-off.Theekshana to Axar, no run, bowled from 24 yards, the offbreak on leg-stump, turns across Axar who goes on the back foot to defend to cover.Theekshana to Axar, no run, tossed up full and driven to sweeper cover. Axar won't take the single.Asalanka to Siraj, no run, flat good length just outside off, Siraj goes on the back foot to defend.STAT: First time spinners have taken nine (or more) wickets in an Asia Cup ODI..Asalanka to Axar, 1 run, flat good length on the stumps, Axar makes room and cuts to sweeper cover.Asalanka to Axar, no run, full on the stumps, pushed to cover.Asalanka to Axar, no run, good length outside off, tapped wide of cover and Axar does not want the single.Asalanka to Axar, no run, good length and stops on Axar who goes on the back foot to punch it back.Asalanka to Axar, no run, tossed up slower outside off, Axar gets forward to defend and the turn takes it past the outside-edge.STAT: Wellalage is also the second youngest to bag a five-wicket haul in Asia Cup (ODIs) after Saqlain Mushtaq, who had achieved the feat at 20y, 199d against Bangladesh at the same venue in 1997..Theekshana to Siraj, no run, Sri Lanka lose the review. The googly on the stumps, turns in towards off, Siraj gets an inside-edge onto the pads, without that as well - the impact is outside off.Loud appeal for LBW turned down. Shanaka goes for the review. Looks like there's bat on to pad. And not pad first. Sri Lanka will lose the review..Theekshana to Siraj, no run, the flicker on a length outside off, Siraj goes on the back foot to defend to cover.Theekshana to Siraj, no run, tossed up full outside off, pushed to cover.Youngest to bag an ODI five-for Sri Lanka
20y 246d - Dunith Wellalage vs IND, Colombo RPS, 2023
21y 65d - Charitha Buddhika vs ZIM, Sharjah, 2001
21y 141d - Thisara Perera vs IND, Dambulla, 2010
21y 241d - Thisara Perera vs AUS, Melbourne, 2010
21y 233d - Uvais Karnain vs NZ, Moratuwa, 1984.Theekshana to Siraj, no run, slower offbreak outside off, lands on a length and jumps at Siraj who was lunging to defend that, bit of glove on to body and falls down.Theekshana to Siraj, wide, fired down the leg-side, left alone.Slip and a legslip in..Theekshana to Axar, 1 run, tossed up full on the stumps, Axar lofts but it's on the bounce to long-off and it's just one.Sanjay prabu: This is why you should have a offspinner in your team.Theekshana to Axar, 2 runs, flat length delivery outside off, cut wide of cover for two.It is all on Axar now..Asalanka to Siraj, no run, flat good length delivery on off, Siraj defends.Asalanka to Siraj, no run, was there bat on to pad there? Anyway backward short-leg is deep and the ball bounces in front of him. Sharp turn and Siraj went back to whip.Asalanka to Siraj, no run, full outside off, Siraj gets forward to block.Asalanka to Siraj, no run, no hat-trick. Slip, short-leg and backward short-leg in. Lovely tossed up offbreak outside off, Siraj gets forward to block and gets a big inside-edge onto the pads. So close but no cigar.Mohammed Siraj, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Asalanka to Kuldeep Yadav, out Caught by Dhananjaya!! Two in two and Sri Lanka are on fire. Kuldeep Yadav goes on the back foot to punch a delivery which is turning away, regulation outside-edge is held nicely to his left at slip. India faltering massively against spin and RPS is bouncing. Asalanka on a hat-trick. Kuldeep Yadav c Dhananjaya b Asalanka 0(1).Asalanka to Kuldeep Yadav, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Kuldeep Yadav, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Asalanka to Bumrah, out Bowled!! Knocked him over. Nicely tossed up offbreak outside off, Bumrah gets forward to flick and plays all around it, the ball turns back in through the gate to fall on the stumps. Classical offspinner's dismissal. Bumrah b Asalanka 5(12).Asalanka to Bumrah, THATS OUT!! Bowled!!.Theekshana to Axar, no run, the one-finger flicker which is a length delivery on the stumps, punched to mid-wicket.Theekshana to Bumrah, 1 run, sliding down leg, tucked to fine-leg.Theekshana to Bumrah, no run, the attempted googly outside off, Bumrah gets forward to block.Theekshana to Bumrah, no run, fullish on off, Bumrah gets forward to defend to cover, sent back by Axar.Theekshana to Axar, 1 run, dragged down short outside off, Axar cuts hard square of the wicket for one.Theekshana to Axar, no run, quicker length delivery on the stumps, Axar defends to cover.Maheesh Theekshana [5.0-0-20-0] is back into the attack.Asalanka to Bumrah, no run, regulation offbreak on the stumps, glanced behind square on the leg-side.Asalanka to Bumrah, 2 runs, this turns sharply in to middle, stays a bit low, Bumrah flicks over square leg for two.Asalanka to Axar, 1 run, slower and tossed up outside off, turns away from a length, Axar punches to sweeper cover.Asalanka to Axar, no run, good length and flat on the stumps, Axar goes on the back foot to punch to cover.Asalanka to Bumrah, 1 run, full outside off, Bumrah gets forward to drive, thick inside-edge runs away wide of mid-wicket.Asalanka to Bumrah, no run, tossed up fullish outside off, Bumrah gets forward to defend.Dhananjaya to Axar, no run, fullish on off, Axar gets forward to defend to cover.Dhananjaya to Axar, no run, another ripper. Drift in on a good length on middle, turns sharply away to beat the forward defence.Dhananjaya to Bumrah, 1 run, flat good length outside off, dabbed through backward point for one.Dhananjaya to Bumrah, no run, good length outside off, turned to mid-wicket.Dhananjaya to Bumrah, no run, tossed up full outside off, pushed to mid-off.Dhananjaya to Axar, 1 run, good length just outside off, Axar punches to long-off.Nisal: Wella you beauty, first ball of the day wicket, and the last ball as well.. unbelievable!!.Asalanka to Bumrah, no run, full on the stumps, Bumrah defends to mid-wicket.Jasprit Bumrah, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Slip and legslip in for Bumrah..Asalanka to Jadeja, out Caught by Kusal Mendis!! How do you play that? Jadeja walks off head down. This drifts in towards outside the leg-stump, or even on leg-stump, flat length and it absolutely turns square to take the thinnest of outside-edges to Kusal Mendis who takes a sharp catch. That was coming from Jadeja blinding him and the ball was turning and bouncing as well. Magnificent catch. Jadeja c Kusal Mendis b Asalanka 4(19).Asalanka to Jadeja, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Asalanka to Axar, 1 run, good length on the stumps, Axar goes on the back foot to punch to long-on.Asalanka to Jadeja, 1 run, good length on the pads, tucked to deep square leg.Dhruvil: Jadeja and Axar both do not have to do any fancy stuff, they need to follow run a ball, and try to compensate on the loose delivery..Asalanka to Axar, 1 run, flat good length outside off, Axar punches to sweeper cover.Asalanka to Axar, no run, full on off, Axar gets forward to block.Dhananjaya to Jadeja, no run, good length outside off, Jadeja punches to cover.Dhananjaya to Jadeja, no run, good length and flat on the stumps, Jadeja tries to turn to leg, soft leading-edge rolls back to Dhananjaya.Dhananjaya to Jadeja, no run, slower and on the stumps, Jadeja with another block.Dhananjaya to Jadeja, no run, flat good length on off, Jadeja gets forward to block.Dhananjaya to Axar, 1 run, just wide of cover! Length delivery outside off, stops on Axar who punches and it's wide of the diving cover to his left.Dhananjaya to Axar, no run, slower outside off, Axar gets forward to defend to mid-wicket.Dhananjaya de Silva [8.0-0-25-0] is back into the attack.Asalanka to Jadeja, no run, slower on the stumps, Jadeja pushes it back.Asalanka to Jadeja, no run, full on middle, glanced to short fine-leg.Asalanka to Jadeja, no run, slower and tossed up outside off, left alone.Asalanka to Jadeja, no run, full just outside off, Jadeja gets forward to block.Asalanka to Axar, 1 run, full outside off, Axar gets forward to drive to long-off.Asalanka to Jadeja, 1 run, flat good length outside off, Jadeja dabs wide of short third man for one.Axar Patel, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, out Caught by Kusal Mendis!! Maiden fifer for Wellalage. And a review helps him get there off the last ball of his spell. Quicker and fullish outside off, hint of turn away, Hardik Pandya presses forward to defend, the ball takes a thick outside-edge and Kusal Mendis was very confident. The umpire does not agree with the appeal and Sri Lanka review successfully. Hardik Pandya c Kusal Mendis b Wellalage 5(18).Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Big appeal for caught behind is turned down. But Sri Lanka review. Ball is close to the outside-edge. Everyone eagerly looking at the big screen. And there's a big spike when ball is next to bat. OUT!.Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, no run, full outside off, driven to cover.Wellalage to Jadeja, 1 run, good length on the middle and leg line, tucked through mid-wicket.Wellalage to Jadeja, no run, Jadeja misses out there, a low full-toss outside off, driven straight to the fielder at cover.Wellalage to Jadeja, no run, slower on the stumps, turned to mid-wicket.Cricbuzz CommBox: Sri Lanka trap India in a web of spin, reduce them to 171/5 (35)...Wellalage to Jadeja, no run, tossed up full outside off, flicked to mid-wicket.Asalanka to Jadeja, 1 run, lovely delivery, fullish on the stumps, hint of turn away from there, Jadeja gets forward to defend, the soft outside-edge runs wide of slip.Asalanka to Jadeja, no run, tossed up full outside off, pushed to cover.Asalanka to Jadeja, no run, good length outside off, punched wide of cover and Wellalage is there.Asalanka to Jadeja, no run, tossed up full on off, Jadeja gets forward to defend.Ravindra Jadeja, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Asalanka to Ishan Kishan, out Caught by Wellalage!! Wellalage again. But this time with the catch. And a good one too. It's full outside off, Ishan Kishan drills it hard and it's going over cover but Wellalage leaps with both hands and hauls it in with both hands. He is not a tall man but used every inch of his height to take it superbly. Sri Lanka you can are now ahead. Ishan Kishan c Wellalage b Asalanka 33(61) [4s-1 6s-1].Asalanka to Ishan Kishan, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Asalanka to Ishan Kishan, no run, good length outside off, dabbed to backward point.Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, no run, full on the stumps, pushed to cover.Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, no run, the inside-edge onto the pads saves Hardik Pandya, gets forward to defend and gets some bat before pad.Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, no run, what a ripper! Unplayable. Drift in and tossed up full on off, Hardik Pandya gets forward to drive and the hint of turn away takes it away from the outside-edge and the off-stump.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, good length on the middle and leg line, Ishan Kishan goes on the back foot to flick through square leg.Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, full outside off, Hardik Pandya opens the face of the bat to push wide of backward point.Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, no run, tossed up full outside off, Hardik Pandya gets outside off and misses the sweep, hit on the body.Asalanka to Hardik Pandya, leg byes, 1 run, Kusal Mendis appeals for a caught behind but is turned down. Hardik Pandya tries to get to the pitch and glance this leg-side delivery, misses, lobs off the pad and Shanaka does not want to review.Asalanka to Hardik Pandya, no run, full on off, pushed back.Asalanka to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, full outside off, pushed wide of cover for a quick single.Asalanka to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, slower and gets sharp turn from outside off, Hardik Pandya dabs in front of short third man.Asalanka to Hardik Pandya, no run, flat offbreak on off, turned to mid-wicket.Asalanka to Hardik Pandya, no run, sharp offbreak on off-stump, Hardik Pandya gets forward to block.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, SIX, Ishan Kishan breaks the shackles. Sees the tossed up delivery outside off, comes down the track and launches the loft straight down the ground.Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, good length outside off, stays low, cut to sweeper cover.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, full on the stumps, Ishan Kishan gets forward to flick through mid-wicket.Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, full on the stumps, Hardik Pandya gets forward and uses his reach to push wide of cover.Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, no run, ripper! Wellalage goes slightly wide of the crease and bowls a tossed up delivery that drifts in on middle, brings Hardik Pandya forward and then rips past the outside-edge. Just past the outside-edge and the off-stump.A slip still in..Wellalage to Hardik Pandya, no run, full on the stumps, pushed to cover.Asalanka to Ishan Kishan, no run, wow! What a ball. Flat trajectory as it comes out, once it pitches just outside off it turns a mile and bounces past the outside-edge, as Ishan Kishan gets forward to block.Asalanka to Ishan Kishan, no run, flat good length outside off, cut wide of point who gets across and cuts it off.Asalanka to Ishan Kishan, no run, full on off, Ishan Kishan gets forward to push to cover.Asalanka to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, good length and sliding on the middle and leg line, glanced to fine-leg and Hardik Pandya is off the mark.Asalanka to Hardik Pandya, no run, tossed up offbreak on the stumps, Hardik Pandya gets forward to defend to mid-wicket.Asalanka to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, tossed up full outside off, Ishan Kishan drives to sweeper cover.Charith Asalanka, right-arm off break, comes into the attack.Hardik Pandya, right handed bat, comes to the crease.It's time for drinks as well. Wellalage has been a revelation and has used the pitch to great effect. The pitch is offering turn and Wellalage has bowled superbly..Wellalage to Rahul, out Caught&Bowled!! It's that man Wellalage again. He takes his fourth and gets the dangerous Rahul. This length delivery on the stumps stops on Rahul who goes on the back foot to punch and checks his shot, offers a tame return catch back. Rahul walks off shaking his head. Just when India were looking good, they lose another. Rahul c and b Wellalage 39(44) [4s-2].Wellalage to Rahul, THATS OUT!! Caught&Bowled!!.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, flat length delivery on the stumps, turned to the backward square leg region.Wellalage to Rahul, 1 run, full on the stumps, Rahul pushes wide of cover.Wellalage to Rahul, 2 runs, tossed up outside off, Rahul slogsweeps and a fat top-edge is found, luckily for Rahul it falls in no-man's land at deep mid-wicket.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, tossed up full on the stumps, driven to long-on.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, sliding on with the angle and going on outside off, Ishan Kishan tries to dab and misses.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, flat offbreak just outside off, Ishan Kishan goes on the back foot to pull to deep mid-wicket.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, offbreak turning in on the stumps, tucked to deep mid-wicket.Dhananjaya to Rahul, no run, Rahul is lucky. He makes room slightly to the leg-side and tries to push at a full delivery outside off, misses.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, full on the stumps, Ishan Kishan gets forward to drive to long-on.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, flat good length on off, Ishan Kishan guides to short third man with an open face.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, good length offbreak outside off, Rahul punches off the back foot wide of point.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, Ishan Kishan misses out there, full down leg, Ishan Kishan sweeps and picks out short fine-leg.Wellalage to Rahul, 1 run, full outside off, Rahul gets forward to drive to sweeper cover.Wellalage to Rahul, 2 runs, tossed up full on the stumps, Rahul again opens the face of the bat and drives wide of backward point for two.Wellalage to Rahul, no run, Wellalage slows it down further, on a length on off, tapped back.Wellalage to Rahul, FOUR, four more. Rahul flirting with danger but gets it away. The arm-ball on off-stump, Rahul makes room and cuts so so late and beats Rajitha's dive at backward point to his left.Wellalage to Rahul, FOUR, beautiful shot. Wellalage with a length delivery outside off, Rahul waits for it to turn away, opens the face of the bat and slices it wide of backward point.Dunith Wellalage [5.0-1-12-3] is back into the attack.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, slower and holds the length back, Kishan is drawn into the forward block and the ball spins past the outside edge.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, bit too full in length and Rahul drives it down to long-on.Dhananjaya to Rahul, no run, slower and turning in, Rahul eases it to Shanaka at mid-wicket.Dhananjaya to Rahul, no run, tossed up around off, Rahul works it towards mid-wicket.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 2 runs, flighted on middle, Rahul reverse sweeps to deep backward point and races back for the second.Sujit Singh: Of course credit to SL for the way they have pulled back things here.. but these 2 batters too are showing right intent, if they are not able to strike it hard, they are focusing on rotating strike and that's the way to go...Dhananjaya to Rahul, no run, quicker delivery on off, Rahul knocks it back to DDS.Theekshana to Rahul, 1 run, shortens the length close to off, Rahul directs it to short third and Kishan crosses over.Theekshana to Rahul, no run, quickish off-break and Rahul flicks it straight to mid-wicket.Theekshana to Rahul, no run, off-break around off, Rahul goes back and turns it to mid-wicket.Theekshana to Rahul, no run, floated up and lands near yorker length, Rahul digs it back to Theekshana.Theekshana to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, quicker and at the stumps, Kishan nudges it square on the leg-side.Theekshana to Rahul, 1 run, strays onto the pads, Rahul flicks backward of square leg.KL Rahul's mental toughness is why Team India backs him: Parthiv Patel...Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, drifts in with the angle, Kishan works it straight to mid-wicket.Vishnu: India should bat sensibly here. Anything around 250 would be a good score to defend with 3 spinners. They don't need to try something fancy and just play out spinners..Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, flatter and around off, Kishan punches to cover and Samarwickrama flings the ball at the batter. Kishan manages to catch it and the Sri Lankan apologises immediately.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, short of length outside off, Rahul punches to sweeper cover.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 2 runs, flighted around off, Rahul paddles it fine and picks up a brace.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, "catch it" were some of the calls but luckily for Kishan the ball does not carry. Fraction short and Kishan goes for the pull, does not get it off the middle and it goes on the bounce to deep mid-wicket.Usman Asif: Rohit Sharma's quick start has allowed Ishan to get settled here. His dot balls are not hurting India at the moment because of the start Rohit has given to India.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, tossed up close to off, Rahul pats it to the off-side and rotates strike.Theekshana to Rahul, 1 run, extra bounce from short of length, Rahul plays it well and with soft hands to the off-side.Theekshana to Rahul, no run, flighted outside off, Rahul knocks it into the off-side and quickly sends Kishan back.Theekshana to Rahul, no run, off-break around off, Rahul pushes it firmly back to Theekshana.Theekshana to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, quicker and at the stumps, Kishan nudges wide of mid-wicket.Theekshana to Rahul, 1 run, makes room and cuts it off the stumps through the point region. Theekshana had his hands on his head.Theekshana to Rahul, 2 runs, short and turning in, Rahul is cramped but manages to get the cut away through backward point, easy brace.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, quicker and spins away sharply, Kishan looks to steer and is beaten on the outside edge.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, tossed up close to off, Kishan opens the bat face and directs to backward point.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, comes down the track and chips it over mid-wicket. Rahul struck that too well and the ball goes on the bounce to Nissanka.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, floated up teasingly, Kishan drills it back at DDS and he takes the pace off the ball, just a single.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, slower and drawing Kishan into the forward defensive.Andrabi Naaz: What a strong comeback by SL using spinners. Conceded only one four in last 8 overs showing their skills on a track like this!.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, fraction short and drifts in, Kishan punches it firmly to mid-wicket.Theekshana to Rahul, no run, 101ks carrom ball on off, Rahul punches it back to Theekshana.Theekshana to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, flatter and fraction short, Kishan cracks it square on the off-side.Theekshana goes round the wicket.Theekshana to Ishan Kishan, 2 runs, drifted across the left hander, Kishan angles it to backward point and Asalanka fumbles, extra run conceded.Theekshana to Ishan Kishan, no run, 100ks delivery at the stumps, Kishan defends back to Theekshana.Theekshana to Ishan Kishan, wide, splays down leg, Kishan misses the glance and it is given as wide.Theekshana to Rahul, 1 run, off-break that turns in, Rahul nudges it backward of square leg.Slip in play.Theekshana to Rahul, no run, short but turns back in, Rahul mistimes the punch back to Theekshana.Maheesh Theekshana [2.0-0-7-0] is back into the attack.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, tossed up but too full in length and Rahul works it to long-on.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, floated up wider of off-stump, Kishan pushes it wide of cover.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, short but spins away and stays low, Kishan was shaping to cut but ends up stabbing it back down the wicket.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, flatter and bit of extra bounce, Kishan defends it back to DDS.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, quicker and fraction short, Kishan knocks it to the left of DDS.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, slower and on off-stump, Kishan defends with the bat and pad together.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, floated up outside off, Kishan mistimes the drive to mid-off and sets off, sprints across and makes it in before the ball hits the stumps and deflects away.A run-out check sent upstairs but Sri Lanka are not too excited. It is a direct hit but looks like Kishan had made it in. Yes, he's in comfortably.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, drifted across the left hander, Kishan pushes it back to Wellalage.Wellalage has gone round the wicket.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, comes down the track, converts it into a full pitcher and drills it to mid-off.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, quicker and attacking the stumps, Kishan blocks in front of mid-wicket.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, flighted and turning in, Kishan defends solidly back to Wellalage.Wellalage to Rahul, 1 run, just a forward block wide of cover and the pair quickly cross over.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, flighted around off, Kishan blocks to the off-side.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, comes down the track, gets close to the ball and works it to long-on.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, tad short and outside off, Kishan cuts square and Nissanka keeps it to a single.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, tosses it up on off, Kishan presses forward and pushes to cover.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, turns in from a shortish length, Rahul flicks to deep mid-wicket.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, flighted around off, Kishan plays it with soft hands towards point and the duo cross over.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, spinning into leg, Kishan leans forward and nurdles it backward of square.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, tad quicker and outside off, Kishan blocks it towards cover.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, tosses it up invitingly and Kishan takes it on, smacks it straight back over Rahul and long-on has no chance.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, spinning from short of length, Kishan blocks to the left of Wellalage.Wellalage to Rahul, 1 run, bit too full with his length, Rahul opens the bat face and drives square of the wicket.Wellalage to Rahul, no run, drifts across and straightens, Rahul stays back and defends to point.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, loopy delivery on off, Kishan toe-ends the drive back to DDS.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, flighted but fraction short, Rahul opens the bat face and directs it to point.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, flatter and drifts in, Kishan punches it down to long-on.Dhananjaya to Rahul, 1 run, tossed up on off, Rahul takes a step down and eases it to long-on.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, more flight and fuller in length, Kishan drives to long-off.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, flatter and slides in, Kishan brings his bat down and keeps it out.Wellalage to Rahul, no run, floated up and spins away, Rahul is happy to let it pass.Rohit Kumar: The uneven bounce of this pitch will be challenging for the Indian batters. -- 'It is already becoming challenging.'.Wellalage to Rahul, no run, tossed up close to off, Rahul watchfully pushes it to cover.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, turns in a long way, Kishan chips it aerially past Rahul and down to long-on.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, spins in from outside off, Kishan hangs back and defends.Over the wicket to Kishan.Wellalage to Rahul, 1 run, flighted outside off, Rahul leans across and eases it wide of cover.KL Rahul, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Wellalage to Rohit, out Bowled!! Oh no! Rohit is unlucky there. But Wellalage and Sri Lanka are not complaining. They have three wickets in quick succession. This is the arm-ball which lands a fraction short, so Rohit stays back to counter it but the ball does not bounce, scoots through to beat the toe-end and crash low into leg-stump. Not much Rohit could have done about that, might have come forward but still would have been defeated by the lack of bounce. Rohit b Wellalage 53(48) [4s-7 6s-2].Wellalage to Rohit, THATS OUT!! Bowled!!.Cricbuzz Comm Box: India v Sri Lanka, Super Fours, 1st innings, Over No. 15...Virat Kohli vs LA orthodox in ODIs since 2021
Runs: 104
Balls: 159
Dismissals: 8
Avg: 13
SR: 65.4.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, sliding into the pads, Kishan tucks it straight to backward square.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, floated up too full, Kishan mistimes the drive to cover.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, flighted outside off, Kishan attempts to cut but can only chop it to the off-side.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, holds the length back, Kishan pushes it off the inner half to mid-wicket.Dhananjaya to Ishan Kishan, no run, drifts in with the angle, Kishan blocks to the left of DDS.Slip in for Kishan.Dhananjaya to Rohit, 1 run, tossed up close to off, Rohit closes the bat face and the leading edge rolls to point.Dhananjaya de Silva, right-arm off break, comes into the attack.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, wicket maiden! Flighted and turns in, Kishan leans forward and defends to the on-side.Ishan Kishan, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Drinks are on the field now.. It had been all India for most part of the first hour but the introduction of Wellalage has brought Sri Lanka back into the game. The young spinner has struck twice in two overs to send back Kohli and Gill..Wellalage to Kohli, out Caught by Shanaka!! Second wicket for Wellalage. He's turning it on for Sri Lanka. This is a huge wicket as Kohli is coming on the back of a hundred, he loves batting at Colombo and he's gone for just 3. Shortens the length and the ball sticks to the surface, Kohli cannot control the flick as the ball does not come on and he chips it tamely to mid-wicket where Shanaka accepts it happily. Kohli c Shanaka b Wellalage 3(12).Wellalage to Kohli, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Wellalage to Kohli, no run, drifts in with the angle, Kohli works it only as far as mid-on.Wellalage to Kohli, no run, quicker arm-ball and it skids on, Kohli brings his bat down and manages to keep it out.Wellalage to Kohli, no run, flighted on off-stump, Kohli prods forward and is more in control of his block.Wellalage to Kohli, no run, tossed up around off, Kohli defends off the outer half to backward point.Pathirana to Rohit, no run, 143ks full delivery close to off, Rohit toe-ends the drive to cover.Pathirana to Rohit, wide, 134ks slower short ball outside off, Rohit lets it pass and umpire Richard Illingworth signals a wide.Pathirana to Kohli, 1 run, 144ks fullish delivery outside off, Kohli square drives and the sweeper tidies up.Pathirana to Kohli, no run, 142ks well-directed short ball, Kohli sways out of the line and lets it pass.Pathirana to Rohit, 1 run, low full toss around off, Rohit opens the bat face and guides it to deep backward point.Pathirana to Rohit, FOUR, fifty for Rohit. Third consecutive 50+ score for the India captain. Looks like this didn't come off the middle as Rohit has a look at his willow. Just a raise of his bat and he gets on with it. Short ball dug into the wicket, Rohit pulls in front of square and there's no one at deep mid-wicket, one bounce and over the ropes.Pathirana to Rohit, wide, 148ks slingy delivery sprayed outside off, Rohit ignores and umpire calls it a wide.Pathirana to Rohit, no run, 145ks full pitcher around off, Rohit drives it back to Pathirana and he parries it to cover.Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma as a pair in ODIs
Inns: 86
Runs: 5006*
Avg: 62.57
50/100: 15/18
- Of the 13 pairs that have aggregated minimum 4,000 runs together in ODIs, Kohli and Rohit have the highest average..Wellalage to Kohli, no run, once more short of length, Kohli goes back and defends to the off-side.Wellalage to Kohli, no run, shortens the length and that allows Kohli to adjust to the turn, directs it to point.A slip in place.Wellalage to Kohli, no run, tossed up on off, Kohli inside halves the forward block to mid-wicket.Wellalage to Kohli, 2 runs, too full and dips on the batter, Kohli flicks uppishly wide of mid-wicket and opens his account with a brace.Wellalage to Kohli, no run, drifts down leg and straightens, Kohli closes the bat face and the leading edge rolls to cover.Virat Kohli, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Wellalage to Shubman Gill, out Bowled!! Cleaned up! What a ball! Wellalage has produced a jaffa first up to break the partnership. That gets the home crowd going. Flighted from round the wicket, drifts in and Gill is drawn into the forward defensive, the ball spins past the outside edge and hits the top of off-stump. Dream delivery for any spinner. Shubman Gill b Wellalage 19(25) [4s-2].Wellalage to Shubman Gill, THATS OUT!! Bowled!!.Dunith Wellalage, Left arm orthodox, comes into the attack.Pathirana to Rohit, no run, 135ks full delivery at the stumps, Rohit blocks it in front of mid-on.Pathirana to Rohit, no run, 133ks slower ball around off, Rohit defends to the off-side.Most sixes in Asia Cup (ODIs)
28*- Rohit Sharma
26 - Shahid Afridi
23 - Sanath Jayasuriya
18 - Suresh Rain.Pathirana to Rohit, 5 wides, more bonus runs for India. Pathirana attempts the slower but sprays it down leg, no chance for either Rohit or Mendis to get anything on that, races away to fine leg.Pathirana to Rohit, no run, on a length and swinging away, Rohit shoulders arms.Pathirana to Rohit, wide, short and sprayed outside off, too short and too high, Rohit lets it pass and it is called a wide for height.Pathirana to Rohit, 2 runs, dug in short and gets bit more bounce, Rohit pulls along the ground in front of square and picks up a brace.Pathirana to Rohit, SIX, Pathirana tries to test Rohit with a short ball and disappears over the rope. Banged into the surface and Rohit is quick to rock back, he nails the pull in front of square and clears deep mid-wicket.Pathirana to Shubman Gill, 1 run, 142ks full and at the stumps, Gill flicks wide of mid-on and Theekshana makes a diving stop.Rohit & Gill natural boundary hitters, can change gears at will: Harsha Bhogle...Shanaka to Rohit, no run, 121ks good length ball around off, Rohit gets behind the line and defends.Shanaka to Rohit, FOUR, fourth boundary in the over and this was due to a fumble. Rohit has decided to switch gears as this is the last over of the powerplay. Overpitched outside off, Rohit opens the bat face and drives to cover-point where the fielder dives over the ball.Mid-on pushed back. Point comes in.Shanaka to Rohit, FOUR, in the air and wide of mid-on. Fraction short and Rohit goes for his favorite pull shot, hits it a lot straight and uppishly but manages to evade the dive by the fielder on the edge of the ring.Shanaka to Rohit, no run, 125ks fullish delivery outside off, Rohit drives on the rise and picks out mid-off.Shanaka to Rohit, FOUR, back to back boundaries. Shanaka corrects his line and is too straight, Rohit flicks it off the pads and the placement is superb, split mid-wicket and mid-on perfectly.Shanaka to Rohit, FOUR, 122ks tad fuller than his previous deliveries and Rohit lofts through the line, not quite off the middle but comfortably clears extra cover and the ball has enough to reach the fence.Shanaka to Rohit, wide, swings away outside off, Rohit tries his best to reach it but can't and the umpire signals a wide.Pathirana to Shubman Gill, FOUR, no maiden for Pathirana. 126ks slower ball strayed onto the pads, Gill flicks it in front of square and pierces a packed leg-side field, right between mid-wicket and square leg.Pathirana to Shubman Gill, no run, 144ks short and outside off, Gill chops the cut towards cover-point.Abhijit: What a way to get to 10,000 runs. Typical Rohit Sharma elegant six. A six hitting machine Rohit!!.Pathirana to Shubman Gill, no run, dipping slower ball on leg, Gill digs it out to mid-wicket.Pathirana to Shubman Gill, no run, short of length around off, Gill rides the bounce and punches to cover-point.Pathirana to Shubman Gill, no run, 141ks slingy into the pads, Gill clips it straight to square leg.Pathirana to Shubman Gill, no run, full delivery on leg-stump, Gill leans forward and gently turns it to mid-wicket.Matheesha Pathirana, right-arm fast, comes into the attack.Shanaka to Rohit, no run, in-slanter and Rohit misses the flick, wears it on the pad and the ball was going down leg.India batters with 10,000 runs in ODIs
18426 - Sachin Tendulkar
13024 - Virat Kohli
11363 - Sourav Ganguly
10889 - Rahul Dravid
10773 - MS Dhoni
10001 - Rohit Sharma*
- Of the 15 batters to have scored 10,000 ODI runs, Rohit’s average (49.02 currently) is bettered only by Kohli (57.62) and Dhoni (50.57)..Shanaka to Rohit, no run, 123ks outswinger around off, Rohit waits and defends to the off-side.Shanaka to Rohit, no run, 124ks good length ball swings away, Rohit attempts the steer and is beaten on the outside edge.Shanaka to Shubman Gill, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Gill opens the bat face and guides it to third man.Mendis comes up to the stumps.Shanaka to Shubman Gill, no run, walks down the wicket and is made to reach for the delivery outside off, knocks it back to Shanaka.Fastest to 10,000 ODI runs (by innings)
205 - Virat Kohli
241 - Rohit Sharma
259 - Sachin Tendulkar
263 - Sourav Ganguly
266 - Ricky Ponting.Shanaka to Shubman Gill, no run, fuller and around off, Gill prods forward and defends to the off-side.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, very full delivery on off, Rohit stays back and defends off the outer half to the off-side.Rajitha to Rohit, SIX, whoa! That's the shot of the match. Brings up 10000 ODI runs with a six, typical Rohit. Nothing much wrong with a delivery. Fuller than a good length, line is on off and middle, Rohit extends his arms and lofts through the line to send the ball sailing over the straight boundary.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, not quite short but Rohit thinks it is there for the cut, he goes hard and chops it back to Mendis. So nearly played it on.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, 135ks fullish delivery around off, Rohit drives on the rise and picks out mid-off.Rajitha to Rohit, wide, this time goes wide of the crease and sprays it down leg, Rohit misses the glance and Kusal Mendis dives to his left, gets some glove and manages to parry it to short fine.Rajitha to Rohit, 5 wides, backs away even before the ball was bowled and Rajitha tries to follow Rohit, but sprays it way down leg, giving Rohit and Kusal Mendis no chance of getting anything on the ball.Lakshya Jha: Both Rohit Sharma and Shubman Gill are rotating strike. They complement each other perfectly, with Rohit being aggressive, while Gill is patient. Their coordination and timing have helped India gain momentum in many crucial matches, and they continue to be the backbone of India's batting attack..Rajitha to Rohit, no run, 134ks delivery aimed for off-stump, Rohit drops it dead near his feet.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, good length ball around off, Rohit thought about playing before lifting his bat and letting it pass.Shanaka to Rohit, 1 run, closer to off-stump, Rohit plays it with soft hands in front of short third and the duo cross over.Shanaka to Rohit, FOUR, sloppy from Asalanka. Back of a length and hip-lined, Rohit flicks it backward of square and Asalanka gets there, tumbles to make the stop but ends up throwing the ball over the rope.Shanaka to Shubman Gill, 1 run, 122ks short of length delivery, Gill plays a controlled cut to deep backward point.Shanaka to Shubman Gill, no run, missed out there. Slanted down leg, Gill does not connect with the glance and the ball rolls off the thigh pad.Shanaka to Shubman Gill, no run, 124ks fullish delivery around off, Gill works it wristily to mid-on.Shanaka to Shubman Gill, no run, 121ks good length ball on off, Gill prods forward and blocks it back.Dasun Shanaka, right-arm medium, comes into the attack.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, fullish delivery close to off, Rohit knocks it back down the pitch.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, 133ks full delivery with a hint of outswing, Rohit stays rooted to the crease and defends to the off-side.Rajitha to Shubman Gill, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Gill opens the bat face and guides to third man.Rajitha to Shubman Gill, wide, slower ball sprayed down leg, no chance for Gill to make contact and Kusal Mendis parries it to short fine.Rajitha to Shubman Gill, 2 runs, excellent work by Wellalage. Angled into the pads, Gill flicks it in front of square and the ball was racing to the fence. Wallalage races to his left and puts in the dive to make the stop, saved two.Priyanshu Poddar: Crucial toss won by India. Apart from making use of the dry pitch first up, batting first gives their bowlers that extra time to rest before they come on to bowl. Pakistan getting bowled out in a mere 32 overs yesterday only made it better..Rajitha to Shubman Gill, FOUR, shot! Gill advances down the pitch, makes it into a fullish delivery and lofts through the line over mid-off, couple of bounces and over the rope.Rajitha to Shubman Gill, no run, 137ks back of a length delivery, Gill rides the bounce and knocks it to short cover-point.Theekshana to Rohit, no run, tossed up close to off, Rohit works it to mid-wicket.Alomoy: It is refreshing to note that India has made only One pitch-induced change by bringing Axar in place of Shardul. No fatigue-induced change, on account of playing for 2 consecutive days. Speaks volumes about the high standards of fitness that these guys set for themselves..Theekshana to Rohit, no run, slower through the air, Rohit settles into the forward defensive.Theekshana to Shubman Gill, 1 run, 98ks flatter and shorter, Gill punches to long-on.Theekshana to Rohit, 1 run, 98ks back of a length delivery, Rohit nurdles it in front of square on the leg-side.Theekshana to Rohit, no run, quickish off-break on off, Rohit leans forward and turns it to mid-wicket.Theekshana to Rohit, 2 runs, off-break turns into the hips, Rohit tucks it behind square on the leg-side and collects a brace.Rajitha to Rohit, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, Rohit rides the bounce and punches to backward point, fumble allows the duo to pick up the single.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, uhhh! This is a top nut. Angled in and Rohit thought it would come in, so he prods forward to defend but the ball shapes away after pitching and beats the outside edge.Rajitha to Shubman Gill, 1 run, good length ball and stays low, Gill toe-ends the cut past backward point.Rajitha to Rohit, 1 run, back of a length with a bit of extra bounce, Rohit dabs it to the left of backward point and crosses over.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, charges down and gives himself room, cracks the short of length delivery and Asalanka is in the firing line near short cover-point, straight at him and he makes the stop. Saved a boundary.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, on a length and just outside off, Rohit lifts his bat and lets it go.Theekshana to Shubman Gill, no run, 97ks short of length delivery, Gill knocks it back to Theekshana.Theekshana to Rohit, 1 run, 96ks full and leg-lined, Rohit clips backward of square leg.Theekshana to Shubman Gill, 1 run, 93ks delivery drifts into the pads, Gill nudges to deep square leg.Theekshana to Shubman Gill, no run, 90ks carrom ball outside off, Gill defends to cover.Theekshana to Rohit, 1 run, shortens the length around off, Rohit punches to long-on.Slip in place.Theekshana to Rohit, no run, short and stays a tad low, Rohit cracks the cut straight to point.Maheesh Theekshana, right-arm off break, comes into the attack.Rajitha to Shubman Gill, 2 runs, angled into the pads, Gill flicks it past mid-wicket and gets off the mark with a brace.Rajitha to Rohit, 1 run, very full delivery around off, Rohit squeezes it off the outer half to third man.Rajitha to Rohit, FOUR, crunched! First time Rohit decides to play and he creams the drive through the off-side. Full pitcher closer to off, Rohit does not move his feet much and uses his hands to place the drive wide of cover.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, 134ks good length ball shapes away outside off, Rohit ignores.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, hint of outswing, starts outside off and keeps going away, Rohit shoulders arms.Short cover-point in place.Rajitha to Rohit, no run, good length ball just outside off, Rohit lifts his bat and lets it go. The ball barely carries to Kusal Mendis.Rohit and Shubman Gill are at the crease. Rohit is on strike. Rajitha will open the attack.The national anthems of both teams are done. Sri Lanka have a quick huddle before taking the field. Rohit adjusts his bat grip before walking out to the middle. He and Gill have added two 100+ stands in the tournament. Can they give India another solid start? Rajitha has the new ball. He's at the top of his mark doing some stretches. Just one slip in place. Off we go...Owing to the humid conditions that is the weather and pitch, we have made some changes to our Expert XI in Fantasy Handbook. Do check them out...Teams:.India (Playing XI): Rohit Sharma(c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, KL Rahul(w), Ishan Kishan, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj.Sri Lanka (Playing XI): Pathum Nissanka, Dimuth Karunaratne, Kusal Mendis(w), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka, Dhananjaya de Silva, Dasun Shanaka(c), Dunith Wellalage, Maheesh Theekshana, Kasun Rajitha, Matheesha Pathirana.Dasun Shanaka: We would have batted first as well. They are pretty strong side compared to us but we have to play a good game, we will somehow try to win the game. We are going with the same team.Rohit Sharma: We are going to have a bat. That's the challenge you come across as a sportsman, different challenges thrown at you as a player and as a team. We ensured everyone got into the pool after the game last night. They are fresh as we had five days off before these two games. Last game was good for us, we batted well and then came out to defend the total with some good bowling. But again this is a new day and a fresh game. The pitch looks different, looks a lot drier and there's no grass and hence we bring in Axar for Shardul. It might assist the spinners but we also have three quality pacers..India have won the toss and have opted to bat.Cricbuzz Live: India v Sri Lanka, Super Fours, Pre-match show...Pitch and Conditions: "We are back at the Premadasa. Mostly for me this Asia Cup, whenever rain has not been around, the cricket has been attractive and spectacular to watch because of the pace. This is pretty unique. When you look at the bounce in all the venues it is pretty high and have similar kind of bounce, there's no low and slow bounce. The impact of pacers in this Asia Cup is huge as they have picked 70 percent of the wickets. The pitch for today is looking a lot different from the India-Pakistan pitch. No grass on this one," informs Sanjay Manjrekar. "This (surface) looks a lot like the Premadasa of the old years. This has no grass and I have feeling it will have an abrasive effect on the ball," adds Matthew Hayden..14:10 Local Time, 08:40 GMT, 14:10 IST: The weather has played a big part in this Asia Cup. But it is bright and sunny at the moment in Colombo. Both teams are warming up. No rest for Kohli as he's seen practising some slip catches. We should have a prompt start..Sri Lanka come into this game having won 13 consecutive ODIs. The run that started in the World Cup Qualifiers has extended to the Asia Cup and they have been on a hot streak. While all eyes has been on India and Pakistan, Sri Lanka have gone about their business registering one win after another. Playing with the same bunch of guys has given them that consistency and familiarity. Each game a different player has put his hand up and performed. They have even ensured that the absence of their best player - Wanindu Hasaranga - is not felt. They already have the second longest winning streak in ODIs. Can they make it 14 in a row? We'll find out as the toss and teams are coming up...14:00 Local Time, 08:30 GMT, 14:00 IST: Less than 15 hours ago India were finishing a two day battle against Pakistan and they're back again to take on Sri Lanka. How will the physical state of the players be? Will there be any changes? Hello and welcome.. One good game, one victory against the number one ODI side in the world and India seem to be back to their best. They ticked plenty of boxes in their win versus against Pakistan, the top four batters got runs, Bumrah was back and spearheading the attack in ODIs, Kuldeep spun a web in the middle overs and even the fielding, which was poor against Nepal, looked electric at times. But can they keep up the same intensity for three days in a row? Let's find out...Asia Cup 2023: Super 4s, India v Sri Lanka, Preview...Squads:.India Squad: Rohit Sharma(c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, KL Rahul(w), Ishan Kishan, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Shardul Thakur, Kuldeep Yadav, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj, Mohammed Shami, Suryakumar Yadav, Axar Patel, Shreyas Iyer, Prasidh Krishna, Tilak Varma.Sri Lanka Squad: Pathum Nissanka, Dimuth Karunaratne, Kusal Mendis(w), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka, Dhananjaya de Silva, Dasun Shanaka(c), Dunith Wellalage, Maheesh Theekshana, Kasun Rajitha, Matheesha Pathirana, Kusal Perera, Binura Fernando, Pramod Madushan, Dushan Hemantha.