.......................Ishan's adaptability at No. 5 answers several questions for India: Dinesh Karthik...21:52 Local Time, 16:22 GMT, 21:52 IST: Here's the unfortunate update. The match has been called off. Both teams get one point each ... and ... Pakistan are through to the Super Fours! We were able to witness just one innings but it was action-packed before rain played spoilsport. With the conditions being overcast, both captains surprisingly wanted to bat first. Rohit called it right at the toss and got going with a couple of boundaries off Shaheen Afridi's bowling. The tall left-arm speedster altered his length after a rain break to dismiss Rohit and Kohli in quick succession. Rauf nipped out Shreyas Iyer and Gill which saw India getting reduced to 66/4 in the 15th over. With their backs against the wall, India fought back with a fantastic 138-run partnership between Ishan Kishan and Hardik Pandya. Both of them fell in their 80s and India once again slipped (losing their last 5 wickets for 27 runs) to get bowled out for 266. The Pakistan pace troika took all the 10 wickets and India posted a competitive total despite a top-order collapse. Alas, there was no more cricketing action. We'll be back tomorrow with some more action as Bangladesh lock horns with Afghanistan in much better conditions. Ciao!.Hardik's positive mindset amidst trouble, a huge boost for India: Harsha Bhogle...21:49 Local Time, 16:19 GMT, 21:49 IST: It's stiil RAINING, the covers are still ON, and we are heading towards that TERRITORY. Javagal Srinath has just shook his hands with Babar Azam and now he is shaking his hands with the Indian players...Soumya Sahoo: Looks like it was a good practice for the Indian batters and also the Pakistani bowlers!!.21:26 Local Time, 15:56 GMT, 21:26 IST: The cut-off time for a 20-over run chase is 22:27 local time. Still around an hour to go...Wasif Iftikhar: "Hi cricbuzz! Please inform us what will be the target if this match gets reduced?" -- 20 overs - 155 | 30 overs - 203 | 40 overs - 239..21:09 Local Time, 15:39 GMT, 21:09 IST: Looks like the drizzle is back and so are the covers. Just when the covers were peeled off and there were possibilites of a restart, the drizzle is back, and looks like the restart will be further delayed. Few of the players were out on the field warming up, but a few of them are back to the dugout, and a few of them are even back to the dressing room looking at the intensity of this drizzle..21:01 Local Time, 15:31 GMT, 21:01 IST: The umpires are out in the middle and having a chat amongst themselves. The Indian players are trying to get into the groove as they can be seen stretching and warming up in the dressing rooms itself. In fact, Kishan and Pandya are already walking down the stairs and they are waiting in the dugout...Ishan showed tremendous grit at No. 5, good signs for Indian cricket: Zaheer Khan...20:50 Local Time, 15:20 GMT, 20:50 IST: Covers are getting peeled off, positive signs. 10 minutes for the inspection and this might be reduced to a 25 to 30 over run chase, of course, of course 'weather permitting.'.20:41 Local Time, 15:11 GMT, 20:41 IST: Next ground inspection at 21:00 local time.. Hope the result is a positive one, let's keep our fingers crossed...20:35 Local Time, 15:05 GMT, 20:35 IST: The match officials are having a chat with the groundstaff at the moment. Will the ground be ready in time for the run chase to get going? That will be the question. For now, the rain seems to have eased off and the groundstaff are engaged in some activity on the outfield. Our wait continues for now...Ayaansh: Good call by India to bat first. They have gotten some good batting practice against a quality bowling attack with the ODI World Cup just around the corner. Afridi, Rauf and Naseem might have dominated proceedings, but Kishan and Pandya proved their mettle. Hence proved, even if the top-order fails to get going, India's middle-order has the potential to keep them alive in any game. Having said that, India's problem has been the failure of their top-order in must-win games. Inda's top-order performs so well in games with less pressure, however, they always disappoint in must-win games., hence they are deprived of an ICC trophy since a decade..20:15 Local Time, 14:45 GMT, 20:15 IST: Still raining as the entire ground is under covers. Looking at live pictures, this is going to be a rain-curtailed run chase for sure. Things don't look promising at the moment. But hang around and keep checking this space for the latest updates...19:52 Local Time, 14:22 GMT, 19:52 IST: It's currently raining at Pallekele and the covers are on. 266 is probably a par-score on this track which had a bit of variable bounce. However, the ball is expected to come onto the bat better under lights. Let's hope that the weather clears quickly. We could be in for a thriller here....Shaheen Afridi: That was our plan with the new ball. I think both (Virat and Rohit) were crucial wickets, every batter is the same for me. But I think I liked Rohit's wicket better. The plans by our fast bowlers worked. Naseem is bowling at 150 kph, really happy with that, he's really fast. The new ball might swing and seam, nothing much after that. It will be easier to score runs once the ball gets old (in the run chase)..Pakistan allowed the game to drift away a bit. Their spinners looked flat and the fielding was sloppy. Ishan Kishan batted beautifully as he coupled aggression with sensible batting. Haris Rauf eventually broke the century stand. Hardik upped the ante after Kishan's downfall and just when another partnership started to build, Afridi removed Hardik and Jadeja in the same over. India slipped from 239/5 to 266/10. Naseem bowled brilliantly and was unlucky not to get any wickets in his first spell but he came back well to finish with a 3-fer..Cricbuzz Live Hindi: Match 3, Pakistan vs India, Mid-innings show...19:44 Local Time, 14:14 GMT, 19:44 IST: India have been bowled out for 266 with the Pakistan pacers picking all the wickets. Shaheen Afridi went full searching for the booming inswinger upfront. He couldn't get the breakthrough with that plan. However, after a rain interruption, he shortened his length by a fraction and castled the two senior Indian batsmen - Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli - in quick succession. Haris Rauf removed Shreyas Iyer with a short ball and nipped out a struggling Gill with a fuller ball. At 66/4, Pakistan were all over India. That's when Ishan Kishan and Hardik Pandya joined hands. The duo showed great temperament and stitched a crucial 138-run partnership for the fifth wicket..Naseem Shah to Bumrah, out Caught by Agha Salman!! Holes out on this occasion! Slower ball at 119kph, Bumrah swings across the line and doesn't generate enough power behind the shot. Salman, at deep mid-wicket, reverse-cups it. Bumrah c Agha Salman b Naseem Shah 16(14) [4s-3].Naseem Shah to Bumrah, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Naseem Shah to Bumrah, FOUR, 139kph, fuller in length, Bumrah takes the aerial route to hit it straight of mid-off. Mid-off was too square and Bumrah got enough wood on that occasion.Naseem Shah to Siraj, 1 run, short of length delivery, tapped to the right of backward point.Mohammed Siraj, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Naseem Shah to Kuldeep Yadav, out Caught by Rizwan!! 141kph, short of a good length delivery, Kuldeep Yadav looks to guide it behind square and gets an outside nick. Easy catch for the keeper. Second wicket for Naseem Shah who gets a big hug from Rizwan. Kuldeep Yadav c Rizwan b Naseem Shah 4(13).Naseem Shah to Kuldeep Yadav, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Naseem Shah to Kuldeep Yadav, no run, B0$, length ball, Kuldeep Yadav taps it to backward point with an opened bat-face.Naseem Shah [8.0-0-31-1] is back into the attack.Shaheen Afridi to Bumrah, no run, 135kph, over the wicket, away-slanter from a short of length, Bumrah lets it be by shouldering arms. Shaheen Afridi finishes with 10-2-35-4!.Shaheen Afridi to Kuldeep Yadav, 1 run, 135kph, Kuldeep Yadav knocks this full delivery towards mid-on for a quick single.Shaheen Afridi to Kuldeep Yadav, no run, 118kph, slow and full, played back at the bowler.Shaheen Afridi to Bumrah, 1 run, off-speed again, angled in on middle, a shuffling Bumrah turns it to mid-wicket. The batters settle for a single as Shaheen Afridi is quick to get to the ball.Shaheen Afridi to Bumrah, no run, 122kph, slower ball, yorker length outside off, Bumrah fails to lay bat on ball as he tries to steer it behind square.Shaheen Afridi to Kuldeep Yadav, 1 run, 134kph, width on offer, Kuldeep Yadav guides it to third man.Shaheen Afridi to Kuldeep Yadav, wide, 135kph, Afridi spills one down leg.Haris Rauf to Bumrah, no run, 143kph, length ball that holds its line outside off, Bumrah sticks his bat out and is beaten on the outside edge.Haris Rauf to Bumrah, FOUR, 146kph, Haris Rauf overpitches and Bumrah plays a cracking shot. Stays leg-side, gets forward, bends his back leg and drives crisply through extra cover.Haris Rauf to Bumrah, no run, 144kph, pitched up, a shuffling Bumrah drives to mid-on.Haris Rauf to Kuldeep Yadav, 1 run, 144kph, keeps a bit low does this length ball, nudged into the on-side for a risky single. Fortunately for Kuldeep, Haris Rauf doesn't hit the target at the bowler's end.Haris Rauf to Kuldeep Yadav, no run, 145kph, almost in the blockhole darted in, dug out into the off-side.Haris Rauf to Kuldeep Yadav, no run, 143kph, yorker outside off, squeezed towards backward point.Haris Rauf [8.0-0-53-3] is back into the attack.Shaheen Afridi to Kuldeep Yadav, 1 run, 138kph, tapped into the off-side for a sharp single. Imam runs in from cover point and scores a direct hit at the bowler's end. Kuldeep Yadav has grounded his bat just in time.Umpire review!.Shaheen Afridi to Kuldeep Yadav, no run, 139kph, wider line and Kuldeep Yadav chases it with an opened bat-face. Ends up playing outside the line of it. Beaten on the inside edge.Shaheen Afridi to Kuldeep Yadav, no run, 138kph, yorker, jammed back to the bowler off the toe end of the bat.Shaheen Afridi to Bumrah, 1 run, 134kph, low full toss, Bumrah opens his bat-face to steer it to third man.Shaheen Afridi to Bumrah, FOUR, Bumrah takes the aerial route and makes good contact. In-angling length ball and Bumrah swings through the line to hit it over mid-on. One bounce and into the fence. 250 up for India!.Shaheen Afridi to Bumrah, no run, 137kph, pitched up outside off, Bumrah push-drives to mid-off.Here's Shaheen eyeing a fifer!.Naseem Shah to Kuldeep Yadav, no run, 142kph, fuller than a length, defended towards point with an opened bat-face.Naseem Shah to Bumrah, 1 run, 141kph, fullish delivery angled in, glanced to deep square leg.Naseem Shah to Kuldeep Yadav, 2 wides, 141kph, bumper, too short, Kuldeep Yadav half-ducks and Rizwan leaps to get a glove on it. Third man cuts it off.Naseem Shah to Kuldeep Yadav, no run, 144kph, pacy length ball, Kuldeep Yadav defends and inside-edges onto his pads.Naseem Shah to Bumrah, 1 run, 144kph, short ball and Bumrah pulls it in front of square with one leg off the ground.A slip in place.Naseem Shah to Bumrah, no run, 143kph, full delivery, defensively pushed back to Naseem.Jasprit Bumrah, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Pakistan will go for the kill now! Into the tail....Naseem Shah to Thakur, out Caught by Shadab Khan!! Excellent catch! 139kph, Thakur wants to tuck this length ball into the leg-side. Closes his bat-face early and gets a leading edge due to which the ball pops up in the air. Shadab, at point, runs back and dives with outstretched hands to take a superb grab. The ball didn't pop out of his hands even when his elbow hit the ground. Thakur c Shadab Khan b Naseem Shah 3(3).Naseem Shah to Thakur, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Kuldeep Yadav, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Shaheen Afridi to Jadeja, out Caught by Rizwan!! The edge is found on this occasion and Jadeja is gone! 137kph, slightly fuller and the line is wider. Jadeja chases it for a drive and nicks off. Easy grab for Rizwan. Two wickets in the over for Shaheen Afridi. Jadeja c Rizwan b Shaheen Afridi 14(22) [4s-1].Shaheen Afridi to Jadeja, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Shaheen Afridi to Jadeja, no run, 138kph, tries to steer this length ball down to third man and misses. Wasn't too far away from the outside edge.Shaheen Afridi to Jadeja, no run, 141kph, Jadeja miscues the drive to cover.Shaheen Afridi to Thakur, 3 runs, straighter line and Thakur wrists it through mid-wicket.Shaheen Afridi to Thakur, no run, 137kph, in-slanting length ball, tapped towards cover.Shardul Thakur, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Hardik Pandya receives a standing ovation in the Indian dressing room.Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, out Caught by Agha Salman!! The dangerous Hardik Pandya is gone! 119kph, slower delivery, full and outside off from round the wicket, Hardik is early into his drive, the bottom hand comes off the handle and he spoons it to cover. Salman gobbles it up moving to his left. End of a superb knock and the Indian all-rounder is distraught as he takes the long walk back. Hardik Pandya c Agha Salman b Shaheen Afridi 87(90) [4s-7 6s-1].Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Shaheen Afridi [7.0-2-22-2] is back into the attack.Naseem Shah to Jadeja, no run, 142kph, Jadeja moves leg-side and misses the flick as Naseem follows the batter with a full delivery. Rolls to backward point off his pad. Excellent over from Naseem Shah - no freebies!.Naseem Shah to Jadeja, no run, 144kph, Jadeja misses the flick to get hit on the back leg. Beaten for pace!.Naseem Shah to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 145kph, too close to be cutting/dabbing. Chops it towards cover point off the under edge.Naseem Shah to Hardik Pandya, no run, 141kph, extra bounce, Hardik Pandya pushes at it and hits him high on the bat before rolling towards cover.Naseem Shah to Jadeja, 1 run, 144kph, short of length ball, Jadeja is late on the flick and he inside-edges it to square leg.Naseem Shah to Jadeja, no run, 143kph, pitched up ball, Jadeja drives straight to cover.Surprisingly, Babar gave another over to Shadab Khan despite the three spinners bowling a total of 20 overs. One of the Pakistan fast bowlers won't be bowling his quota of 10 overs for sure today.Pakistan's Playing XI vs India, their first-choice team for ODI WC: Harsha Bhogle...Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, no run, 93kph, googly, Hardik Pandya is beaten on the inside edge as he gets forward to block. Rapped on the pads but that's missing leg.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, misfield and four! Shortish outside off, cut hard by Hardik Pandya. Straight to backward point but Salman lets the ball go through him.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, 89kph, worked through mid-wicket for a brace. Excellent running.Shadab Khan to Jadeja, 1 run, 90kph, full delivery outside off, Jadeja leans and drives along the ground to long-off.Shadab Khan to Jadeja, no run, 96kph, off-stump line, Jadeja taps it to point off the back foot.Shadab Khan to Jadeja, FOUR, 90kph, shortish ball, Jadeja quickly treks back and pulls it through mid-wicket. Perfect placement, splitting the two fielders in the deep.Shadab Khan [8.0-0-46-0] is back into the attack.Naseem Shah to Hardik Pandya, no run, 146kph, fullish delivery, Hardik Pandya opens his bat-face to dink it to backward point. A loud 'no' to send back Jadeja. A needless throw and the fielder misses the sticks. Once again, Jadeja wanders out of his crease and Hardik yells 'no' once again.Naseem Shah to Jadeja, 1 run, 143kph, Naseem attacks the sticks and Jadeja looks to drive. Gets a thick inside edge and the ball rolls through square leg.Naseem Shah to Jadeja, 2 runs, B0$, leg-lined, flicked to deep backward square leg.Naseem Shah to Jadeja, no run, 144kph, away-angler, patted to cover.Naseem Shah to Jadeja, 2 runs, 141kph, short of length ball, leg-lined, Jadeja shuffles and tucks it away to deep mid-wicket.Naseem Shah to Jadeja, no run, back of a length delivery, turned to mid-wicket. Loud no from Hardik Pandya.Naseem Shah [5.0-0-20-0] is back into the attack.Highest individual scores by designated wicketkeepers in IND vs PAK ODIs
148 - MS Dhoni, Visakhapatnam, 2005
113* - MS Dhoni, Chennai, 2012
99 - Rahul Dravid, Karachi, 2004
82 - Ishan Kishan, Pallekele, 2023
77* - MS Dhoni, Karachi, 2006.Highest partnerships for 5th wicket or below in Asia Cup (ODIs)
214 - Babar Azam, Iftikhar Ahmed (PAK) vs Nepal, Multan, 2023
164 - Asghar Afghan, Samiullah Shinwari (AFG) vs BAN, Fatullah, 2014
138 - Ishan Kishan, Hardik Pandya (IND) vs PAK, Pallekele, 2023
137 - Shahid Afridi, Umar Akmal (PAK) vs BAN, Dambulla, 2010
133 - Rahul Dravid, Yuvraj Singh (IND) vs SL, Dambulla, 2004.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, slower delivery outside off, Hardik Pandya steers it to point.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, directed at the stumps, Hardik Pandya defends it from within the crease.Highest partnerships for 5th wicket or below in IND vs PAK ODIs
142 - Imran Khan & Javed Miandad, Nagpur, 1987
138 - Ishan Kishan & Hardik Pandya, Pallekele, 2023
135 - Rahul Dravid & Mohammad Kaif, Kanpur, 2005
132* - Rahul Dravid & Mohammad Kaif, Lahore, 2004
125* - MS Dhoni & Ravichandran Ashwin, Chennai, 2012.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, forehand smash! Shortish delivery and Hardik Pandya hammers his pull through mid-wicket for the third boundary of this over.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, shortish delivery outside off, Hardik Pandya shoulders arms.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, deft touch! Short of a length outside off, Hardik Pandya opens the bat face and guides it to third man for back-to-back boundaries.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, cracking shot! Short and wide outside off, Hardik Pandya cuts it through backward point for four runs. Hardik Pandya is pleased with this boundary.Shadab Khan to Jadeja, 2 runs, drifting on the pads, clipped through the leg-side for a brace.Shadab Khan to Jadeja, no run, driven back to the bowler by Jadeja.Shadab Khan to Jadeja, no run, on the pads, Jadeja nudges this to square leg.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, guides this towards short third man by playing late, stopped by the fielder stationed there.Shadab Khan to Jadeja, 1 run, tossed up delivery on middle and leg, pushed to long-on for a single.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, played through cover by Hardik Pandya.Shadab Khan [7.0-0-41-0] is back into the attack.Haris Rauf to Jadeja, no run, 145kph, short of a length outside off, cut to point. Fantastic over, just a single from it, and a huge wicket too.Haris Rauf to Jadeja, no run, full and quick on leg, Jadeja looks to flick it away, but gets hit on the pads. This was clearly sliding down the leg-side though, tough to give it lbw.Haris Rauf to Jadeja, no run, nudged into the leg-side by Jadeja as he faces his first ball.Ravindra Jadeja, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, out Caught by Babar Azam!! Third wicket for Haris Rauf as he breaks the partnership. Was a quick back of a length delivery around off and Kishan went hard at it. Goes for a pull, but gets it off the bottom end. The ball balloons up towards mid-on and the fielder stationed there completes a rather easy catch. He was struggling while running between the wickets and this looked a little tired shot as well. A fine knock by Kishan, nevertheless. Has helped India rebuild their innings from a dicey situation. Ishan Kishan c Babar Azam b Haris Rauf 82(81) [4s-9 6s-2].Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, skids along the deck on off, Hardik Pandya punches it into the pocket at cover-point.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, banged in short by Haris Rauf as Pandya leaves it alone. Should have been a wide, reckons Waqar Younis on air.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 2 runs, flat-bats this over the bowler and takes a brace to end the over. Stopped by the fielder in the deep.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, fraction short outside off, chopped towards backward point by Hardik Pandya.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, 200 up for India! Whistles in the crowd as Hardik and Ishan are entertaining them and scoring much needed runs. This was on the pads and Hardik Pandya works it through the leg-side for a brace.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, SIX, smoked over deep mid-wicket! Hardik Pandya goes down on his knee and brings out the slogsweep, sends this sailing over deep mid-wicket for half-a-dozen. Runs coming thick and fast now.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, on a length on middle and leg, knocked to long-on by Ishan Kishan for a single. Kishan limping a touch while taking that run.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, excellent shot! Goes deep back in his crease, it's a short ball and Ishan Kishan pulls this towards deep mid-wicket for a one-bounce boundary.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, comfortably blocks this length delivery towards mid-off does Hardik Pandya.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, Pakistan continue to fumble and struggle in the field. Was pushed towards point by Hardik Pandya and Shadab misfields in his quest to charge towards the ball and collect it. Allows the batters to take the second.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, back of a length on middle and leg, Ishan Kishan clips it through the leg-side for a single.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, pulls this shortish delivery through the leg-side for a single.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, short of a length around off, knocked to mid-off by Hardik Pandya.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, skids along the deck does this shortish delivery, Hardik Pandya gets beaten on the outside edge.Haris Rauf [5.0-0-36-2] is back into the attack.Cricbuzz Comm Box: Match 3, Pakistan vs India, 1st innings, Over No. 35...Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, no run, tad short outside off, Ishan Kishan chops it towards short third man.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, tossed up delivery around off, Hardik Pandya drives this along the carpet to long-off for a single.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, that keeps a touch low as Ishan Kishan works it into the pocket at mid-wicket.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, flatter through the air, pushed into the pocket at cover for a single.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, way too short, Ishan Kishan rocks back and pulls this over mid-wicket for a single.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, full and straight outside off, the batter squeezes it into the off-side for a single.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, fifty for Hardik Pandya! Drives this along the carpet to long-on and notches up a fine fifty does Hardik Pandya. Proving to be such a match defining partnership this. A standing ovation for Pandya by the Indian players and Kishan walks up to him and congratulates him as well.Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, driven to long-off for a single.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, fired on the batter's pads, flicked through the leg-side for a single.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, driven to long-on by Hardik and a fumble by the fielder in the deep results in the second run.Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, gets an inside edge towards the off-side for a single.Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, nicely done. A low full toss by Agha Salman and Ishan Kishan goes down on his knee and laps it past the fielder at short fine leg, foure more to the total.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, Nawaz goes short as Ishan Kishan drags this to long-on for a single.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, no run, pushed to cover by Ishan Kishan, can't get it past the fielder.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, no run, spinning into the batter around off, Kishan goes for a cut, gets an inside edge on to the pads. Pakistan appeal for an lbw as they think it's pad first, but the umpire shows no interest. It was pad first in fact, but the impact was outside off.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, SIX, 100-run stand up! Right into the slot and Kishan has smashed this over the bowler's head for half-a-dozen. 84 metre maximum.Deep: "A century by Ishan Kishan would create a great dilemma. Being a left-hander and wicketkeeper would put more pressure on both Shreyas and Rahul.".Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, no run, on a length around middle and leg, spinning into the batter as Ishan Kishan nudges it into the leg-side.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, finally a good effort from Afridi. This was drilled past the bowler by Hardik and Afridi from long-on sprints across and stops the ball, saving three runs.Mohammad Nawaz [5.0-0-26-0] is back into the attack.Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, no run, way too short on middle and leg, keeps low, Ishan Kishan looks to drag this through the leg-side, gets hit on the pads.Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, wide, quicker delivery down the leg-side, Ishan Kishan looks to flick it away, but misses.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, pushed through by Agha Salman, Hardik Pandya works it towards the leg-side for a single.Sadi: "India has to find a way to fit in 2 left-handers in the top 5. That will help in negating left arm swing bowlers like Shaheen, Boult etc".Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, way too short and Ishan Kishan drags it to long-on with a pull.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, full and straight at the stumps, Hardik Pandya flicks this through mid-wicket for a single.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, no run, a lot slower through the air, Hardik Pandya guides it back to Agha Salman.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, no run, on the batter's pads who works this towards square leg.Fazil: Remembering Suresh Raina while Ishan kishan is handling this trouble situation..Drinks are on the field now.. A steady partnership building between the two batters. It's nearing the 100-run mark.. Will Pakistan manage to break this stand or will they continue to motor along? We shall find out soon...Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, chopped to point by Hardik Pandya for a single to end the over, another fumble by the fielder.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, squeezed to long-on by Ishan Kishan for a single.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, sliced towards backward point by Hardik Pandya who was keen for the second too. Kishan sends him back, but the throw at the bowler's end wasn't a prompt one. Shadab looks disappointed with the fielder's effort.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, drifting on the pads, nudged to short fine leg for a single.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, fraction short on off, Hardik Pandya pats it into the off-side for a single.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, quicker through the air, Hardik Pandya drives it to wide long-off for a brace.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, on the batter's pads as Hardik Pandya works it through the on-side for a single.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, no run, very full ball on off, Hardik Pandya squeezes it down the pitch.Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, swept through square leg by Ishan Kishan for a single.Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, no run, quicker delivery on off, Ishan Kishan taps it into the off-side.Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, no run, goes down for the sweep, towards short fine leg though.Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, no run, fails to middle this one as he attempts a slogsweep. Struck on the pads, as the lbw appeal has been turned down.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, flatter delivery as Ishan Kishan punches it to long-on for one.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, short and punished! Was a half-tracker that Ishan Kishan pulls hard towards wide long-on and Shaheen Afridi in the deep misfields as it results in four runs. Not great fielding by the pacer.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, no run, fraction short on middle and leg, nudged to mid-wicket by Ishan Kishan.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, driven down the wicket by Hardik Pandya for a single.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, fifty for Kishan! A quality knock and it has come when India needed him the most. Was a floated delivery and Ishan Kishan drives this to long-on for a single. His team-mates know the importance of this innings as they give him a standing ovation.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, no run, floated on middle and leg, pushed back to the bowler.Shadab Khan [5.0-0-27-0] is back into the attack.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, no run, fired on middle and leg, flicked to mid-wicket by the batter.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, Agha Salman goes full around off and Hardik Pandya drives it through cover for a brace.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, no run, flatter around off, Hardik Pandya defends it watchfully.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, no run, touch fuller on off, pushed back to the bowler.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, no run, stands tall and knocks this back to the bowler.Agha Salman to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, heaved towards wide wide long-on for a single.Agha Salman to Hardik Pandya, no ball, 1 run, eased to long-off by Hardik Pandya for a single.Shaheen Afridi to Ishan Kishan, no run, touch fuller around off, pushed to mid-off by Ishan Kishan.Shaheen Afridi to Ishan Kishan, no run, knocked down the pitch by Ishan Kishan this time.Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, short of a length outside off, Hardik Pandya cuts this through point for a single.Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, no run, on the batter's pads as Hardik Pandya nudges this to mid-on.Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, no run, on a length around off, Hardik Pandya knocks it down the pitch.Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, no run, short of a length outside off, Hardik Pandya steers this to point.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 89kph, eases the drive to long-off.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, no run, 92kph, driven to left of cover and Ishan Kishan is halfway down. Gets sent back by Hardik Pandya and the fielder had tumbled across to stop it.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, another overpitched delivery but Nawaz gets away. Ishan Kishan miscues the drive and mid-off moves to his right to cut it off.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, no run, 88kph, hint of spin, Ishan Kishan stays back to defend it out on the off-side.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, tossed up, overpitched outside off and Ishan Kishan latches onto it. The left-hander gets forward and drives fiercely through vacant extra cover.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, swept to deep square leg.Ishan Kishan should ideally replace KL Rahul's batting position: Parthiv Patel...Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 139kph, keeps low from a short of length, a hopping Pandya does well to keep it out on the off-side. Tapped towards backward point and the batsmen scamper across for a quick single.Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, no run, 135kph, in-angling length ball, Hardik Pandya drives it back to the bowler off the inner edge which also deflected onto his pad.Change of angle - round the wicket now.Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, that's a super shot! 135kph, shortish delivery without any venom, Hardik Pandya stands tall and short-arm-jabs the pull between mid-on and mid-wicket. Speeds away to the fence.Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, no run, 133kph, tapped to backward point.Harsh kumar: A fine platform for Ishan Kishan to cement his position even if KL Rahul is fully fit. At least in the rest matches of Asia cup..Shaheen Afridi to Hardik Pandya, no run, 133kph, short of length ball, Pandya guides it straight to backward point.Shaheen Afridi to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, on a length and wide of off, cut to deep point.Shaheen Afridi [5.0-2-15-2] is back into the attack.Bowling change. The partnership is worth 55 runs. Babar turns to his spearhead to break this stand...Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, opens his bat-face to steer this non-turner to the right of the diving backward point fielder.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, no run, ripper! Drifts in, lands around off and grips to go past the driving outside edge of Hardik Pandya.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, no run, 89kph, in-drifter, middle-stump line, blocked.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, 86kph, slightly on the shorter side and Ishan Kishan quickly rocks back to pull. Shadab dives to his right at mid-wicket and takes pace off the ball. Rolls to long-on and the batters rotate strike.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, no run, 87kph, full around off, Ishan Kishan stonewalls off the front foot.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, driven off the front foot to sweeper cover.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, drifting in on leg, worked in front of square on the leg-side.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, worked through mid-wicket off the back foot.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, no run, clipped to the left of mid-wicket who makes a diving stop.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, driven to deep cover off the front foot.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, no run, 83kph, loopy ball and very full outside off, squeezed to backward point.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, dropped short outside off, keeps a bit low outside off and Hardik Pandya scythes it to deep point.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 91kph, touch too full and Hardik Pandya drives to long-off.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, no run, 92kph, darted in on leg, drilled straight to mid-wicket.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, no run, 91kph, fullish ball, pushed back to the bowler.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, 88kph, bit of flight outside off, pushed through cover point.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 2 runs, 91kph, late-cut towards short third man and a misfield allows the batters to take two.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, no run, non-turning length ball just outside off, tapped to point.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, 89kph, flatter in trajectory, punched to long-on.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, no run, 91kph, leggie, fuller in length, pushed to mid-wicket.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, 94kph, width on offer and Ishan Kishan plays late to cut it behind square on the off-side. It was the googly, the left-handed picked it and placed it superbly.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, shortish outside off, cut to sweeper cover.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, no run, 91kph, very full, driven to cover.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, no run, 95kph, in-drifter, blunted to mid-wicket.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, driven to long-off off the front foot.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, shortened length and that's been pulled away to deep mid-wicket.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, driven along the ground to long-on.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, flat ball on leg and Hardik brings out the paddle sweep. Gets some wood on it and the ball goes very fine to run away to fine leg for four.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, no run, defended to cover off the front foot.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, full ball, driven to long-on.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, no run, 86kph, slow and full outside off, Hardik plays a premeditated paddle-sweep and miscues it to short fine leg.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, no run, 90kph, very full, pushed back to the bowler.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, no run, 93kph, very full ball, jammed to cover.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, leg-lined, worked around the corner - a single to deep backward square leg.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, no run, full in length, pushed into the off-side.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, driven with the spin to deep cover.Shadab Khan [2.0-0-14-0] is back into the attack.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, no run, 89kph, flat ball on a length, played back at the bowler.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, no run, 88kph, not much spin outside off, Ishan Kishan shuffles and shoulders arms.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 94kph, round the wicket, darted in on middle, pushed wide of cover.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, 91kph, covers the line on this occasion and punches to long-on.Nawaz to Ishan Kishan, no run.DRS!.Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, flat and full around off, driven through cover.Mohammad Nawaz, Left arm orthodox, comes into the attack.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, no run, 148kph, beaten! Pitched up delivery and Kishan leans across to play a cover drive. The ball comes in with the angle to elude the inside edge. Wasn't too far away from the off-stump either.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, no run, 149kph, full around off and Ishan Kishan defends into the off-side.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, no run, 151kph! Too quick for Ishan Kishan who slashes and misses this length ball outside off.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, byes, 1 run, 150kph, length ball that keeps low outside off, Hardik Pandya shoulders arms. Very tough for Rizwan to stop it and the ball dribbles away to third man. Rizwan got a glove on it....Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, Haris Rauf hurls it fuller and Ishan Kishan drives through cover point.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, 146kph, Ishan Kishan takes the aerial route and it just eludes the leaping fielder in the deep. In-slanting shortish ball and Ishan Kishan uses the bowler's angle and pace to whip it away. Nawaz, at deep backward square leg, dives to his left but the ball is out of his reach. He was a few inches in front of the boundary rope as well. One bounce and into the fence.Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, 87kph, square-driven with the spin to deep point. Ordinary over from Shadab Khan.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, dropped short and Shadab Khan gets away. Ishan Kishan pulls off the back foot and the fielder at mid-wicket manages to half-stop it.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, second boundary of the over! Another low full toss, attempted wrong 'un and Ishan Kishan drives firmly straight of mid-off.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, no run, 94kph, full in length, blocked back to the bowler.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, no run, 91kph, spinning in from a short of length, whipped to mid-wicket.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, 87kph, low full toss from Shadab Khan and Ishan Kishan pounces. Drilled straight down the ground by the southpaw.Cricbuzz Comm Box: Match 3, Pakistan vs India, 1st innings, Over No. 15...Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, 147kph, in-slanting short of length ball, Pandya defends to mid-on.Prashank: Odd decision to bat first despite being aware of the overcast conditions and possibility of DLS coming into picture..Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, 137kph, hint of width and Ishan Kishan cuts it to deep backward point.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, no run, 148kph, hits the deck hard, short of length ball, defended to mid-on.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 145kph, Rauf pulls his length back by a fraction, guided to third man.Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, 149kph, length ball, Hardik Pandya gets forward and opens his bat-face to guide it to third man. Naseem moves to his left and makes a mess of it. A straightforward stops and he allows the ball to go past him.Hardik Pandya, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Haris Rauf to Shubman Gill, out Bowled!! 147kph, fuller than good length, seams away a bit, Shubman Gill is half-forward to defend and gets an inside edge that clatters onto the sticks. Rauf is rightly pumped up. Gill's iffy innings comes to an end. Never looked comfortable at the crease. Shubman Gill b Haris Rauf 10(32) [4s-1].Haris Rauf to Shubman Gill, THATS OUT!! Bowled!!.Haris Rauf [3.0-0-25-1] is back into the attack.Change of ends for Rauf.Shadab Khan to Shubman Gill, 1 run, 87kph, leggie, hint of spin from a length and that's been patted through cover.Shadab Khan to Shubman Gill, no run, in-drifter, clipped to mid-wicket.Shadab Khan to Shubman Gill, no run, brings his bottom hand into play to drive, extra cover makes a diving stop to his left.Shadab Khan to Shubman Gill, no run, 85kph, loopy leggie, Shubman Gill leans forward and miscues the drive to extra cover.Shadab Khan to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, tossed up, full in length, Kishan pushes it to mid-off for a quick single. Rauf scores a direct hit at the bowler's end but Ishan is comfortably in.Shadab Khan to Shubman Gill, 1 run, starts with a flat ball that comes in with the angle, knocked to long-on.Shadab Khan, right-arm leg break, comes into the attack.Spin time. No slip in place.Naseem Shah to Ishan Kishan, no run, 143kph, off-stump line, defended into the off-side.Naseem Shah to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, 142kph, edged and four! Ishan Kishan would have had his heart in his mouth. Seam-up ball, hint of away-seam, the batsman looks to work it into the leg-side and gets a leading edge. The ball beats the diving first slip fielder to his left and races away to third man for four.Naseem Shah to Ishan Kishan, no run, 143kph, slightly fuller and Ishan Kishan gets forward to push it to mid-off.Naseem Shah to Ishan Kishan, no run, 144kph, stump-to-stump line, Ishan Kishan blocks off the front foot.Naseem Shah to Ishan Kishan, no run, 142kph, fuller than a length, pushed to point.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, 1 run, 136kph, pitched up outside off, Gill drives hard and outside-edges it well wide of first slip. A single to third man.A slip in place.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, no run, 146kph, skiddy ball on a good length, patted to backward point.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, no run, 147kph, in-slanter on the stumps, defended down the pitch.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, SIX, 138kph, short and wide outside off from round the wicket, Ishan Kishan hops and goes after it. Flashes his bat to cut it over deep backward point. Third man runs to his left but the ball is out of his reach.Haris Rauf to Shubman Gill, 1 run, 148kph, back of a length delivery, a hopping Gill knocks it to the right of mid-on.The players make their way out to the middle. It's significantly brighter now. India under the pump, Pakistan will try exert more pressure. What's in store? Let's find out.....16:41 Local Time, 11:11 GMT, 16:41 IST: Good news, the covers are coming off. Even the pitch is uncovered now. Play should resume quickly ... and the restart time is 16:55 Local Time.Shaheen's spell in 2021 instilled a winning belief in Pakistan: Dinesh Karthik...16:35 Local Time, 11:05 GMT, 16:35 IST: The drizzle is back and the groundstaff have been asked to bring on the covers. The players are walking off the park once again as we have the second interruption of the match. Going to be that kind of start-stop day, won't be a surprise if we start losing overs after this halt in play. For now, the players are back to their respective dressing rooms. Talking about that passage of play, Shaheen Shah was impressive after resumption. First he removed Rohit Sharma and later Virat Kohli chopped one on to the stumps probably as the pitch is slightly two-paced. Shreyas Iyer played a few good looking shots, but he didn't last long as Fakhar Zaman took a sharp catch at mid-wicket. With more rain around the corner, it might be one of those frustrating days.. Stick around for further updates...Haris Rauf to Shubman Gill, no run, short and quick on middle and leg, tucked into the leg-side by Shubman Gill.Haris Rauf to Shubman Gill, no run, short ball outside off, Shubman Gill looks to pull, can't connect though.Naseem Shah to Ishan Kishan, 2 runs, 50 up for India. On a length around middle and leg, Ishan Kishan works this through backward square leg for a couple of runs.Shreyas: "How fast was the delivery on which Shreyas Iyer was caught?" -- 147kph!.Naseem Shah to Ishan Kishan, no run, full toss on off, swings back in, Ishan Kishan goes for a drive, gets beaten on the inside edge.Naseem Shah to Ishan Kishan, no run, short of a length on leg, Ishan Kishan looks to work this away, gets hit on the thigh pad.Naseem Shah to Ishan Kishan, no run, short of a length on middle and leg, nudged to square leg by the batter.Naseem Shah to Ishan Kishan, no run, on a length around off, swings in and Ishan Kishan shoulders arms.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, byes, 1 run, short of a length outside off, shaping away from the batter, left alone and Rizwan fails to gather it cleanly, a bye taken.Naseem Shah [3.0-0-13-0] is back into the attack.Haris Rauf to Ishan Kishan, no run, short and quick on off, Ishan Kishan rides the bounce and defends it into the off-side.Ishan Kishan, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Haris Rauf to Shreyas Iyer, out Caught by Fakhar Zaman!! Sharp catch by Fakhar Zaman! Was a short ball by Haris Rauf and Iyer pulls it straight to Fakhar at mid-wicket. Reverse cupped by the fielder who shows sharp reflexes and India have lost their third wicket. Pakistan on top having taken down three of India's mainstays.. Shreyas Iyer c Fakhar Zaman b Haris Rauf 14(9) [4s-2].Haris Rauf to Shreyas Iyer, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Haris Rauf to Shubman Gill, 1 run, touch fuller on off, Shubman Gill goes for a drive, gets an outside edge to third man.Haris Rauf to Shubman Gill, no run, short of a length around off, Shubman Gill defends it from within the crease.Haris Rauf to Shubman Gill, FOUR, fired down the leg-side, Shubman Gill flicks it away to the fine leg fence with ease. Was a gift and the opener accepted it with both hands, putting it away.Haris Rauf to Shreyas Iyer, 1 run, on a length around off, Shreyas Iyer steers this through backward point for a single.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, no run, maiden over by Shaheen Afridi. A short of a length delivery around off and Shubman Gill steers it with an open bat face towards point.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, no run, on the batter's pads as Gill nudges this to mid-wicket with soft hands.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, no run, another peach of a delivery. On a length around off, straightens off the deck as Shubman Gill gets beaten on the outside edge. Tried to work across the line and almost nicked it behind.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, no run, on a length around off, pushed to mid-off by Shubman Gill.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, no run, short of a length outside off, shaping away from the batter, Shubman Gill has a poke, gets beaten.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, no run, on a length outside off, shaping into the batter, Gill goes for a drive, connects thin air.Kohli vs LA Fast in ODIs since 2021
Runs: 87
Balls: 98
Dismissals: 4
Avg: 21.75
SR: 88.77.Rohit Sharma vs LA Fast in ODIs since 2021
Runs: 138
Balls: 147
Dismissals: 6
Avg: 23
SR: 93.87
Four of those dismissals have come within the first five overs.Haris Rauf to Shreyas Iyer, FOUR, 12 runs from that over. Second boundary for Iyer in the over as he flicks this through wide mid-on and manages to beat the fielder.Haris Rauf to Shreyas Iyer, no run, knocked to mid-off by Shreyas Iyer.Haris Rauf to Shreyas Iyer, FOUR, creamed through cover! Was pitched up by the bowler outside off and Shreyas Iyer plays it off the front foot, drives it through cover-point anad manages to beat the fielder inside the ring. Think it came off the cue end, change of bats as a part of it has broken.Haris Rauf to Shreyas Iyer, no run, guided back to the bowler as Haris Rauf goes full.Haris Rauf to Shreyas Iyer, 2 runs, pitched up by the bowler on off and Shreyas Iyer drives this through cover for a couple of runs.Haris Rauf to Shreyas Iyer, 2 runs, drifting on the pads, Shreyas Iyer works this through square leg for a brace.Haris Rauf, right-arm fast, comes into the attack.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, no run, on a length outside off, shaping away from the batter, Shubman Gill shoulders arms.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, wide, down the leg-side again, another wide. 10 wides already in this innings.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, no run, touch fuller on off, pushed off the front foot to cover by Shubman Gill.Some problem with the landing area...Shaheen Afridi to Shreyas Iyer, 1 run, fired on leg, Shreyas Iyer flicks this to fine leg for a single.Shaheen Afridi to Shreyas Iyer, wide, sprays this down the leg-side and it's a wide ball.Shreyas Iyer, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Parth: "BOOM BOOM".Shaheen Afridi to Kohli, out Bowled!! Chopped ON! Short of a length outside off, Kohli looks to punch this through the off-side, but ends up getting an inside edge that deflects and hits the stumps. Same old story as Shaheen Afridi is taking down India's top order. Not for the first time has he done this! India under pressure with two of their best batters back to the pavilion early. Afridi has been really impressive since play has resumed after the rain break. Kohli b Shaheen Afridi 4(7) [4s-1].Shaheen Afridi to Kohli, THATS OUT!! Bowled!!.Shaheen Afridi to Kohli, no run, 134kph, hits the deck on a length as Kohli lets it through to the keeper.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, 1 run, short of a length around middle, Shubman Gill knocks it to mid-off for a single.Naseem Shah to Kohli, no run, on a length at the stumps, Kohli defends it back to the bowler.Naseem Shah to Kohli, FOUR, Kohli opens his account with a four! And what a cracking shot too. Was pitched up by Naseem Shah outside off, bowls this at 144kph, Kohli leans forward and creams it through cover-point as the ball races away to the fence in no time.Naseem Shah to Kohli, no run, short and quick outside off, some extra carry as Kohli shoulders arms.Naseem Shah to Kohli, 5 wides, too many wides already. This swings away from Kohli down the leg-side and even the keeper can't do nothing much about it. Flies to his left to grab the ball, but it was out of his reach.Naseem Shah to Kohli, no run, 144kph, full and quick on middle and off, shaping away slightly, Kohli gets a leading edge towards cover-point as he tries to work this across the line.Naseem Shah to Kohli, no run, pitched up by Naseem Shah outside off, this ball shapes away from Kohli has he shoulders arms.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, leg byes, 1 run, off the mark finally. Short of a length on middle and leg, worked through mid-wicket as Gill works this through mid-wicket for one.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, wide, fired down the leg-side and it's a wide ball.Virat Kohli, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Two slips in place for Gill.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, out Bowled!! And the break has worked for Pakistan! On a length around off, this ball nips back in to beat Rohit's defence. The off-stump goes for a toss and Rohit walks back to the pavilion. Fails to add anything after resumption of play.. Rohit b Shaheen Afridi 11(22) [4s-2].Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, THATS OUT!! Bowled!!.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, 135kph, on a length outside off, shaping away from the batter, Rohit has a poke, gets beaten. Babar applauds.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, short of a length outside off, hint of movement as Rohit leaves it alone.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, starts off with a fuller length delivery as Rohit defends it off his front foot.The players are back on the field and we are ready to resume. Afridi to continue, Rohit on strike.15:48 Local Time, 10:18 GMT, 15:48 IST: The covers are off and Rohit Sharma has put his helmet back on. Gill is walking out from the dressing room too. We must resume soon...Zohaib Ali Zafar: "Miandad Six, Afridi Sixes, Shoaib Akhtar Spell, 1996 Quarter Final, 2017 CT ... every match has its own class".15:43 Local Time, 10:13 GMT, 15:43 IST: Getting brighter, but the covers are still on. The groundstaff are on the outfield, while Rohit Sharma looks relaxed in the dugout, having a chat with Axar Patel and others...Yash: "The onslaught by Sehwag and Sachin in the 2003 World Cup has to be one of the finest moments.".Jamid Junaid: My Favourite INDvPAK till date is "Kohli goes down the ground, Kohli goes out of ground." Absolute masterclass that was..15:23 Local Time, 09:53 GMT, 15:23 IST: Out come the covers as the drizzle gets heavier, the players are rushing off the park. Just before the rain break, Kohli was seen padded up, but he can take off his helmet, which he has. The Indian openers are back to the dugout as the spectators wait in the stands and open their umbrellas. More covers coming in with rain getting heavier. Let's hope the rain eases off soon and we are back of the field with live action...Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, angled away from the batter outside off, Rohit shoulders arms.It has started to drizzle and the umbrellas come out in the stands...Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, 136kph, short of a length around off, Rohit watchfully defends it into the off-side.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, no run, could have been a maiden over, had Naseem Shah not bowled that wide.. Was a shortish delivery on off as Shubman Gill plays it on the up, pats it to point.Gill pulls out at the last moment. Shah goes full and quick outside off as the ball misses the off-stump. A dead ball as the batter wasn't ready.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, no run, 143kph, short and quick outside off, nips away from Gill as he lets it through to the keeper.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, wide, was bowling so well, until this ball. Sprays it down the leg-side, and it's a wide. Gill yet to get off the mark...Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, no run, 142kph, short of a length around off, shapes away a touch as Shubman Gill gets squared up. Gets a leading edge as the ball rolls towards point.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, no run, on a length outside off, curving away from the batter, Shubman Gill shoulders arms once again.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, no run, 143kph, back of a length on middle and leg, Shubman Gill stands tall and knocks it to mid-on with soft hands.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, no run, enormous away swing outside off, Gill leaves it as Rizwan has to throw himself to his right to collect this.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, 139kph, hits the deck on a length, Rohit is watchful as he checks his shot, plays it past Afridi.CG Rebel: "Naseem Shah is more challenging than Shaheen Afridi on a wicket like this.".Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, 137kph, back to his inswinging yorker, Rohit digs it out.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, shortish delivery outside off, slanted away from the batter, Rohit has a look and shoulders arms.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, on a fuller length around off, Rohit drives this crisply to cover.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, FOUR, great shot. An inswinger by Afridi at 139 clicks, on a fuller side and Rohit has nonchalantly flicked this towards deep backward square leg. Hits the cushions on the bounce. Played that quite stylishly too.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, on a length around off, Rohit defends it from within the crease.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, wide, another length ball by Shaheen sprayed down the leg-side, Rohit can't connect his glance.Deepak Asher: "My favourite moment in an India-Pakistan one-day match: Venkatesh Prasad and his face-off with Aamir Sohail in the 1996 World Cup quarterfinal match.".Naseem Shah to Rohit, 1 run, 139kph, on a length around off, this one shapes away from the batter as Rohit plays it with soft hands, steering it down to third man for a single.Naseem Shah to Rohit, no run, knocked to mid-on by Rohit from within the crease.Naseem Shah to Shubman Gill, leg byes, 1 run, appeal for an lbw, but turned down. Back of a length around off, good carry and it nips back in to flick Shubman Gill's thigh pad as it flies to Rizwan. He dives to his left, but fails to grab it, resulting in a leg bye.Naseem Shah to Rohit, 1 run, short of a length around off, shaping away from the batter, Rohit steers this to third man for a single.A couple of slips in place.Naseem Shah to Rohit, no run, like mentioned in the pitch report earlier, this one keeps low. Was a length delivery outside off and Rohit left it alone. On a bounce to the keeper due to the lack of bounce.Naseem Shah to Rohit, no run, 142kph, short and quick outside off, shaping away as Rohit shoulders arms.Naseem Shah, right-arm fast, comes into the attack.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, no run, 136kph, full and quick on middle and leg, Shubman Gill nudges it to mid-wicket.Shaheen Afridi to Shubman Gill, wide, fired down the leg-side by Shaheen Afridi, Gill misses on his flick.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, 1 run, hint of inswing on a length around off, Rohit plays it off the front foot, gets an inside edge towards the leg-side.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, way too full, on the pads as Rohit flicks it to the fielder at square leg.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, appeal for an lbw, but the impact was a lot higher. Shaped back in from back of a length, Rohit looks to defend, gets hit on the thigh pad as the ball lobs in front of the keeper.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, FOUR, Rohit gets going with a boundary. 137kph, on the pads and Rohit flicks it uppiishly and the fielder at square leg does well to get his hands to it. Dives to his left and gets both hands to it, but fails to latch on to the catch. Dropped! Yes, that will go down as a chance. A four runs eventually as it races away to the fence.Shaheen Afridi to Rohit, no run, starts off with an inswinging yorker on off, Rohit brings his bat down in time and digs it out into the off-side.Rohit and Shubman Gill are at the crease. Rohit is on strike. Shaheen Afridi will open the attack.Right then, we are done with the national anthems and the most anticipated game of this Asia Cup is on its way. It's an on-time start as Rohit Sharma and Shubman Gill are ready to roll. A slip in place as Rohit is set to face the first ball against Shaheen Shah Afridi. Here we go!.Anurag: "Leaving out Shami from the XI would have been a really difficult decision for the captain and coach.".Pretty lively atmosphere in Pallekele. Fans from both the nations - India and Pakistan have started to fill in the stands. Can expect it to be a full house as the day progresses. For now, both the teams make their way out in the middle as the players line-up for their respective national anthems..Fantasy Handbook: Pakistan vs India, Asia Cup, 3rd Match, Group A.Looking at the conditions and pitch, we have made one change to our Fantasy XI. You can check out our Fantasy Handbook to find out that.. Start of play is not far away, stay around for live action...Shreyas Iyer: I never imagined I'll be playing Asia Cup. The recovery was slow and steady. I passed the fitness test one week before selection, and I was really happy with that. I was nervous last night, couldn't sleep. I am super excited to play this match against Pakistan. It's a phenomenal feeling to be honest as they are the number 1 team at the moment. We are privileged to be a part of this team and journey with Rahul sir (Dravid) as the coach and under Rohit Sharma's captaincy. The spirits are high in the dressing room and we are looking forward to this game. Delighted to be playing against these (Afridi, Rauf, Naseem) bowlers, plan is just to watch the ball and play according to the situation..Cricbuzz Live: Match 3, Pakistan vs India, Pre-match show...The team winning the toss wanted to bat first, reckons Ravi Shastri. This pitch has more grass than the previous one, the pitch that was used during Pakistan vs Nepal. This track looks slow and bounce can be on the lower side. The ball might grip early on, you might see spin. A score of 260-270 can be challenging on this wicket..Teams:.India (Playing XI): Rohit Sharma(c), Shubman Gill, Ishan Kishan(w), Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Shardul Thakur, Kuldeep Yadav, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj.Pakistan (Playing XI): Fakhar Zaman, Imam-ul-Haq, Babar Azam(c), Mohammad Rizwan(w), Agha Salman, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Nawaz, Shaheen Afridi, Naseem Shah, Haris Rauf.Babar Azam: We would have batted first, but toss is not in our hands. We have played a lot of cricket here, so we know the conditions. Top teams are playing so Asia Cup is good. We'll try to do our best. We are playing with the same combination, no changes. Performing well always gives you confidence, we'll try to capitalize. It's a high intensity match, we'll try to be calm and composed..Rohit Sharma: We are going to bat first. There is a bit of weather around, but can't think much about it. Got to play good cricket, you need to embrace the challenge, embrace the situation. We had some time off after the West Indies series. Everyone was up for those drills and challenges in Bangalore. Let's see what we can achieve in this tournament. It's a quality tournament with quality oppositions. At the end of the day we need to see what we can achieve as a team. Iyer is back, Bumrah is back and we got three seamers. Got two spinners - Kuldeep and Jadeja..India have won the toss and have opted to bat.Toss time. Heads is the call from Rohit, and heads it is...Pitch report: A high quality and unique pitch. Fast bowlers can get some seam, the spinners will get some turn, and a good batter can also score a century on this wicket. With DLS in picture, the captain winning the toss might prefer to bowl first, reckons Sanjay Manjrekar..We have enabled the 'Have Your Say' feature, you guys can start sending in your comments and we'll post the cream of the lot on our comm page. To kickstart your day, let us know which is your favourite India - Pakistan moment? A game which is etched in your memory forever? Hit the Have Your Say button and get going...14:17 Local Time, 08:47 GMT, 14:17 IST: The drizzle has stopped and the covers are off. Promising signs as we wait for the toss and teams...14:03 Local Time, 08:33 GMT, 14:03 IST: Slight drizzle as the square is under covers. Not that heavy drizzle, not much to worry about..Talking about the tournament opener, Pakistan were severely punitive on Nepal as skipper Babar Azam scored 151(131) and Iftikhar Ahmed played a rollicking knock of 109*(71) to help Pakistan win the match by a massive margin of 238 runs. Afridi, Naseem and Rauf - all the Pak speedsters were amongst wickets and Shadab cleaned up Nepal's tail with a wily four-wicket haul. However, they'll be up for a tougher challenge today, and with Bumrah back in the mix, it only strengthens India's bowling attack. Should prove to be a cracking encounter with two solid teams on show. Looks like there's a slight drizzle at the moment and the covers have been brought on. Stay around for further updates...Also, a lot has been talked about the weather in Pallekele, but this being the weekend, the rain has decided to stay away and the conditions look clear, at least for now. There was a drizzle earlier in the day, but the covers are off at the moment, and things look promising for an on-time start. Definitely cloudy, but let's keep our fingers crossed that the rain gods stay away and we have a lot more cricket action as the day progresses..The number of T20 contests played between these two teams in recent past have definitely been more as compared to the ODI format, but India have come out on top when they have faced Pakistan in the 50-over format on the last three occasions. India captain - Rohit Sharma has scored a couple of centuries and a fifty against Pak in their last three meetings and the flamboyant opener been the standout performer for the Men in Blue. It's going to be India's top heavy batting order vs Pakistan's fiery pace attack like always. Rohit, Gill, Virat vs Naseem, Afridi and Rauf. Who will come out on top in this exhilarating battle? Only time will tell...13:20 local time | 13:20 IST: Sachin Tendulkar's breathtaking knock of 98(75) at Centurion in the 2003 World Cup, Gautam Gambhir's match-defining knock of 75(54) in the final of T20 World Cup 2007 and Virat Kohli's spectacular knock of 82*(53) at MCG last year, and especially those two sixes against Haris Rauf that turned the match around. There have been several such memorable matches when India have played Pakistan over the last two decades, and with these encounters been not been so frequent, the anticipation levels for an India-Pakistan game have only gone up a notch higher, each and every time. Hello and welcome to Cricbuzz's live coverage of the third match of Asia Cup 2023 it's Pakistan vs India. A rare occasion..Preview: Asia Cup 2023, Pakistan v India, Match 3...Preview

India and Pakistan don't get to play each other too often but when they do, calling it a high-octane match is barely scratching the surface. Emotions run wild, stadium tickets are sold out, vendors make a fortune, television screens are still broken, and the outcome of the contest often overshadows context. And in this Asia Cup there could be three such contests, starting with the one on Saturday (September 2) in Pallekele.

But round one of the clash of the heavyweights could well be a stalemate, going by the weather forecast which suggests rain and thunderstorms throughout the day. The last time these two sides faced off in an ODI was in the 2019 World Cup. They have played four T20I matches since then, in the 20-over version of the Asia Cup and the T20 World Cup. The weekend game could also be another shortened affair, should the weather even allow that.

India are entering the competition armed with a full-strength team for the first time in several months. They completed a camp in Alur in the outskirts of Bengaluru, and head coach Rahul Dravid expressed confidence in the line-up, with the likes of Shreyas Iyer and Jasprit Bumrah returning to the setup. But India will be hoping that their lack of game time doesn't turn out to be a factor as they'll hope to hit the straps straightaway. With the lack of adequate ODIs in the lead-up to the World Cup, the game-time for all the members would be as much in focus as the game itself.

Pakistan, began their Asia Cup campaign on a confident note, riding on tons from Babar Azam and Iftikhar Ahmed, and a clinical bowling performance, to register a big win. Armed with fit and firing personnel, they've already made sure that their performances are taken note of in these conditions. There were some concerns, though. Fakhar Zaman had another failure at the top of the order and the Pakistan batting department was kept in check by Nepal for the majority of the game before Babar and Iftikhar powered them to a sizable total. Shaheen Afridi wasn't in the best of rhythms despite picking up a couple of wickets, and he also needed some attention close to the boundary ropes, which Pakistan will be hoping doesn't turn out into something serious.

When: Saturday, September 2 at 3:00 PM Local Time

Where: Pallekele International Cricket Stadium

What to expect: Rain and thunderstorms, with a thick cloud cover throughout.

Team News & Tactics:

Pakistan: Despite his recent struggles, the hosts of the tournament have given Zaman another go, perhaps considering his record against India in the past, as they named an unchanged XI.

Afridi will be Pakistan's key weapon against the Indian top order, considering Rohit and Virat Kohli's numbers against left-arm pace since 2021. Rohit averages 25.8 against this variety and has been dismissed five times while Kohli has fallen to left-arm pace thrice and averages 29. Kohli has also been dismissed seven times by a left-arm orthodox spinner and averages 14.57, while Ishan Kishan has been dismissed five times with an average of 29, which also makes Mohammad Nawaz an important option for Pakistan.

Playing XI: Fakhar Zaman, Imam-ul-Haq, Babar Azam (c), Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Agha Salman, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Nawaz, Shaheen Afridi, Naseem Shah, Haris Rauf

India: The Rohit Sharma-led side will welcome back Shreyas, who along with Kishan, will man the middle order. It could be a toss-up between Shardul Thakur and Axar Patel if India are looking for an extra batting option, with the latter probably ahead given the slow nature of the Pallekele pitch.

Kuldeep Yadav has good numbers against Babar and Zaman, having dismissed them two times apiece, with the two batters averaging 9 and 14 against him respectively.

Probable XI: Rohit Sharma, Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, Ishan Kishan (wk), Shreyas Iyer, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Shardul Thakur/Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj

Did you know?

- Babar Azam hasn't gone past fifty even once against India in ODIs. He averages 31.60, with a highest of 48, and has scored 158 runs in five innings.

- In his last five innings against Pakistan, Rohit Sharma has gone past 90 three times. Rohit's last five ODI innings vs Pakistan: 91(119), 0(3), 52(39), 111*(119), 140(113).

- Since the 2019 World Cup, Ravindra Jadeja has scored 448 runs at an average of 49.77. But he has gone wicketless in 10 of the 22 innings he's bowled in this timeframe..Sqauds:.Pakistan Squad: Fakhar Zaman, Imam-ul-Haq, Babar Azam(c), Mohammad Rizwan(w), Agha Salman, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Nawaz, Shaheen Afridi, Naseem Shah, Haris Rauf, Faheem Ashraf, Mohammad Haris, Mohammad Wasim Jr, Abdullah Shafique, Saud Shakeel, Usama Mir.India Squad: Rohit Sharma(c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, Ishan Kishan(w), Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Shardul Thakur, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Shami, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj, Axar Patel, Suryakumar Yadav, Prasidh Krishna, Tilak Varma.