....................India are World Cup ready, can't be more prepared than this: Harsha Bhogle...Rohit collects the trophy, and hands it over to Ishan Kishan and Tilak Varma as the team gets together to celebrate. What a performance to sign off with in this Asia Cup. They've made a huge statement ahead of the World Cup in a couple of weeks, but there's another series to go before that. Australia will be arriving for three ODIs, and that will be another good challenge for this bunch to gear up for the big event. Sri Lanka did well to qualify for another final, but were no match for this Indian team and for Siraj in this mood. They're much better than what they showed today though. Hopefully they can show that in the coming month. So that's all we have from here. Hope you enjoyed our coverage. Until next time, it's goodbye!.Rohit: Yeah was a great performance. To come out and play like that in the final shows the mental character. Great start with the ball and clinical finish with the bat. I was standing in the slips, and something we take pride in - our seamers have been working really hard. Very very clear in their mind. It was good to see that. Such a performance we will cherish for a long time. I never thought it's going to do that much. Comes down to the skillset of individuals. Siraj has to be given a lot of credit. Rare for seamers to move the ball in the air and off the pitch. He's coming off age. We did everything we could've achieved as a team in this tournament. Look forward to the series that is coming up in India, and then the World Cup. The way Hardik and Ishan batted in that pressure situation against Pakistan, and then KL and Virat getting hundreds. The way Gill has been batting. Guys have stood up at various stages..Shanaka: It was outstanding bowling display from Siraj. I thought it'll be a good pitch for batters, but overcast conditions played a part. Tough day for us at the office. We could've tightened our technique, would've helped batters to settle in and free their arms later. Lots of positives. The way Sadeera and Kusal batted against spin, Also the way Asalanka batted. These three will score heavily in good batting conditions in India. We know how to bounce back from tough situations. We came into the final beating good sides. It's a big plus. Players will continue good cricket from last couple of years. I would like to thank supporters who came in numbers. Sorry about the fact we disappointed you. Still thanks for the great support. And congrats to the Indian team..Kuldeep, Player of the Series: From last one and a half years, been working on my rhythm. Being more aggressive through the crease. Loving my bowling. In T20s also the length matters a lot. It's about not thinking about wickets, just about the lengths. Have worked hard on that. Credit goes to Rohit bhai. He encouraged me to work on my speed. When fast bowlers give you couple of wickets in powerplay, it becomes easy for spinners..Siraj, Player of the Match: No biryani here. Have been bowling well since a long time. Was missing the edges earlier. But found them today. The wicket was seaming earlier, but there was swing today. Thought that I will bowl fuller because of the swing. When there's good bonding between fast bowlers, it's helpful for the team. I was thinking it would be great if I could stop the boundary. My best spell. This cash prize goes to the groundsmen. This tournament wouldn't have been possible without them..Finally the presentations are here.Chris Silverwood | Sri Lanka Coach: It has been below par, the get bowled out the way we did is disappointing. Today we came up against a very high class bowling attack, Siraj and Bumrah were exceptional, they bowl at a good pace as well. But at the same time, this is our lacking as well. We came in here with some younger bowlers, we’ve seen some of them shine. Sadeera and Pathirana have really come through. I think we need to sleep on this and make some decisions tomorrow, best to assess this in the morning and discuss with the other coaching staff as well..Hardik Pandya: As a group, we spoke about finishing games and throwing punches in the pressure situation. It was a good toss to lose, we wanted to bat as well. I think our new bowlers, especially Siraj bowled really well. He got it swinging and created a lot of chances. Nowadays in ODI cricket, the new ball has been swinging and we have been speaking about getting the most. The first few overs, the ball didn’t even hit the bat..Shardul Thakur: It (the match) got over within the blink of an eye. Couldn't get better than this. Bumrah started well and what a spell it was from Siraj. It was a brilliant effort from his side. Hardik got those last three wickets. It was a clinical performance by the bowlers. Gill and Ishan got done with the chase. I think it was more of a combination how we are going to play in the World Cup. KL (Rahul) scoring that ton against Pakistan, what a comeback for him. We feel that we are a settled side, everyone is ready to showcase their skills. Whenever I'll play I'll try to contribute for the team..KL Rahul: I was a bit worried a couple of weeks ago, but got to play some good games against competitive teams. Scored runs and was good with the gloves, a few boxes ticked for me. Hopefully this continues for the next couple of months. I have been playing in Bangalore since four months, beautiful wickets for batting there. Happy that I got to spend time in the middle, it was a good challenge. Playing spin will be important in the middle overs in the World Cup, looking forward to that challenge. It's good to play games where bowlers get help. Siraj was phenomenal. He did the job for us, and everyone else chipped in as well. We'll take this win..Ishan Kishan: The bowlers were on point today. I would like to give credit to bowlers. Siraj and Bumrah. It's not easy to bat in the second innings. We were prepared for any challenge, we spoke about it in the team meetings. I always love to open, the total wasn't much, so it was a big yes (when asked to open) from my side. Can't do much when you have only 50 runs on the board. But thanks to the skipper. We know our roles, we know how to prepare for the World Cup. We are playing against Australia, and I will be batting in the middle-order..Shortest ODIs by balls bowled
104 Nepal vs USA Kirtipur 2020
120 SL vs Zim Colombo SSC 2001
129 Indvs SL Colombo RPS 2023 *
140 SL vs Can Paarl 2003.Biggest wins in an ODI final (balls remaining)
263 Ind vs SL Colombo RPS 2023 *
226 Aus vs Eng Sydney 2003
179 Aus vs Pak Lord's 1999.Biggest ODI wins for India (balls remaining)
263 vs SL Colombo RPS 2023 *
 231 vs ken Bloemfontein 2001
211 vs WI Trivandrum 2018
188 vs Eng The Oval 2022.10-wicket wins in ODI finals
197/0 Ind vs Zim Sharjah 1998
118/0 Aus vs Eng Sydney 2003
51/0 Ind vs SL Colombo RPS 2023 *.Cricbuzz Live Hindi: India v Sri Lanka, Final, Post-match show...18:08 Local Time, 12:38 GMT, 18:08 IST: The fireworks go off in the sky! But they pale in comparison to the show put on by Mohammed Siraj earlier today. As extraordinary a spell of bowling as you can hope to see in any format. Four wickets in an over, figures of 6/21 overall in a spell of 7 overs, and Sri Lanka were left in tatters. There was some swing on offer early on after the little drizzle that we had, and Siraj was absolutely lethal with the way he utilised it. He was averaging around 10 against Sri Lanka before this game. Who would've thought he would go on to better it so comprehensively today. The demolition job led by him, and the manner of India's win, has left Premadasa stunned. They came prepared for a big final, but their team never turned up. As Thakur mentions in his interview, it got over in a blink of an eye. Hang around for the presentations..Asalanka to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, and that's it! An entire ODI wrapped up in around 2 hours! India win their 8th Asia Cup title in style! Floated up on off, Kishan knocks it to long-off. It's been as easy as that for India today.Charith Asalanka, right-arm off break, comes into the attack.Wellalage to Shubman Gill, FOUR, overpitched on off, Gill clears the front leg and drives through the covers. Scores level!.Wellalage to Shubman Gill, no run, floated up just outside off, defended forward.Wellalage to Shubman Gill, no run, length ball turning away from off, defended forward.Wellalage to Shubman Gill, no run, floated up on off, defended forward.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, darted in on middle, Kishan pulls to deep square leg.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, no run, flat length ball darted across from round the wicket, Kishan blocks.Pathirana to Shubman Gill, FOUR, low full toss down leg, Gill flicks it to the long leg boundary. Target now in single figures.Pathirana to Shubman Gill, no run, near yorker on middle, Gill squeezes it out.Pathirana to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, full on off, Kishan drives wide of mid-off who fumbles and gives a single.Pathirana goes round the wicket.Pathirana to Ishan Kishan, 2 runs, another full toss outside off, Kishan drives wide of backward point who dives across and gets a hand on it. The ball ricochets onto his face while he tumbles across. Samarawickrama the fielder there. He looks to be fine thankfully.Pathirana to Ishan Kishan, no run, yorker on off, Kishan squeezes it out.Pathirana to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, low full toss well wide outside off, Kishan reaches out and drives through point. Runs continue to flow.Matheesha Pathirana [1.0-0-10-0] is back into the attack.Wellalage to Shubman Gill, no run, length ball turning away from off stump, Gill steers it to backward point.Wellalage to Shubman Gill, no run, floated up outside off, defended forward.Wellalage to Shubman Gill, no run, arm-ball drifting in just outside off, Gill pushes it back to Wellalage who makes a diving stop.Wellalage to Shubman Gill, no run, drifting in on leg, Gill nudges it to midwicket.Wellalage to Ishan Kishan, 1 run, quite full on middle, Kishan knocks it to long-on.Wellalage to Shubman Gill, 1 run, loopy full toss to start, Gill drives gently to long-off.Dunith Wellalage, Left arm orthodox, comes into the attack.Pramod to Shubman Gill, 1 run, short of length on off, rises sharply as Gill looks to steer it away. It goes off the bat shoulder to third man.Pramod to Shubman Gill, FOUR, hattrick of fours! Dug in short, Gill takes it on and cracks the pull through midwicket. India racing towards the target.Pramod to Shubman Gill, FOUR, oh that's pure timing! Back of a length just outside off, Gill shimmies down and punches sweetly through point.Cheta: MS and Sri Lanka in final is always special...Pramod to Shubman Gill, FOUR, full and wide, Gill chases after this outswinger and nails the drive through the off-side.Pramod to Ishan Kishan, leg byes, 1 run, length ball swinging down leg, Kishan looks to clip it away, it goes off his thigh pad to short fine.Pramod to Shubman Gill, 1 run, good length ball swinging away outside off, Gill cuts wide of third man.Pathirana to Ishan Kishan, no run, 142kph, full on leg, stops on Kishan a touch as he defends and he checks the shot to mid-on.Pathirana to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, short and wide, Kishan slaps it away through point. That was a poor delivery.Pathirana to Ishan Kishan, FOUR, short outside off, Kishan ramps it over slip for four! It came off the toe-end rather than the middle, but he still cleared slip.Pathirana to Ishan Kishan, no run, full ball swinging in, strikes Kishan on the pad as he misses the flick. Would've missed leg.Pathirana to Ishan Kishan, 2 runs, pitched up on off, Kishan knocks it to mid-off and charges for a quick single. There's a shy at the bowler's end, and it's not on target. Going to be overthrows. Could've easily gone to the boundary if not for a desperate dive from one of the fielders.Pathirana to Ishan Kishan, no run, full toss outside off, left alone.Matheesha Pathirana, right-arm fast, comes into the attack.Pramod to Shubman Gill, FOUR, length ball straying on the pads, and Gill clips it dismissively through midwicket.Pramod to Shubman Gill, no run, good length outside off, swinging away, Gill looks to cut but is beaten.Pramod to Shubman Gill, no run, pitched up outside off, driven to cover.Pramod to Ishan Kishan, 3 runs, half-volley on off, swinging back in, Kishan punches it firmly down the ground and beats mid-on. They get an easy three as the fielder gives chase.Pramod to Ishan Kishan, no run, full outside off, left alone.Pramod to Ishan Kishan, no run, good length on off, hint of inswing, Kishan defends from the crease.Ishan Kishan and Shubman Gill are at the crease. Ishan Kishan is on strike. Pramod will open the attack.Welcome back. Ishan Kishan is opening with Gill for India. Two slips in place for Madushan.Mohammad Siraj: Feels like a dream. Last time I did the same against Sri Lanka at Trivandrum. Got four wickets early, couldn't get the five-for. Realised you get what's in your destiny. Did not try too much today. I have always looked for swing in white-ball cricket. Did not find much in the previous games. But today it was swinging, and I got more wickets with the outswinger. Wanted to make the batters drive..All out in fewest overs by a Full Member team
13.5 Zim vs Afg Harare 2017
15.2 SL vs Ind Colombo RPS 2023 *
15.4 Zim vs SL Colombo RPS 2001
16.5 SL vs Pak Sharjah 2002
15.2 overs is the fewest overs in which a team has been bowled out in an ODI final surpassing Sri Lanka's 16.5 overs against Pakistan in Sharjah in 2002..All ten wickets in an innings by pacers in Asia Cup ODIs
Pak vs Ind Pallekele 2023
Ind vs SL Colombo RPS 2023.Lowest ODI totals for SL
43 vs SA Paarl 2012
50 vs Ind Colombo RPS 2023
55 vs WI Sharjah 1986
67 vs Eng Manchester 2014
73 vs Ind Trivandrum 2023.STAT: Siraj's 6/21 is the best figures against Sri Lanka in an ODI, surpassing Waqar Younis' 6/26 in Sharjah in 1990..Best ODI figures for India
6/4 Stuart Binny vs Ban Mirpur 2014
6/12 Anil Kumble vs WI Kolkata 1993
6/19 Jasprit Bumrah vs Eng The Oval 2022
6/21 Mohd Siraj vs SL Colombo RPS 2023.Lowest totals in an ODI final
50 SL vs Ind Colombo RPS 2023 *
54 Ind vs SL Sharjah 2000
78 SL vs Pak Sharjah 2002
81 Oman vs Namibia Windhoek 2019.Lowest ODI totals against India
50 by SL Colombo RPS 2023 *
58 by Ban Mirpur 2014
65 by Zim Harare 2005
73 by SL Trivandrum 2023.Cricbuzz Live Hindi: India v Sri Lanka, Final, Mid-innings show...17:11 Local Time, 11:41 GMT, 17:11 IST: Mohammad Siraj's magnificent bowling spell has completely rattled Sri Lanka who have been bowled out for their lowest ODI total against India. Bumrah removed Kusal Perera early in the innings, but Siraj was simply outstanding thereafter. He got tremendous movement off the deck and was unplayable against the new ball. He made the ball swing and seam and the Sri Lankan batters had no answers to it. Several records were broken in the last 90 minutes as Siraj finished with 6 wickets to his name. 4 of those wickets came in one over, and that's where he sealed the fate of the match. Within a span of 6 balls. Hardik Pandya got into the attack and he didn't disappoint either. He took three wickets as Sri Lanka were bundled out for 50. How quickly can India chase this? Join us back in a bit to find that out...Hardik Pandya to Pathirana, out Caught by Ishan Kishan!! Sri Lanka have been bowled out for 50 - their lowest ODI total vs India! Short of a length around off and Pathirana slices it straight to point. Kishan doesn't miss out and a really happy Indian side starts walking back to the dressing room. Outstanding effort from the Men in Blue, but a really embarrassing batting outing by Sri Lanka. Pathirana c Ishan Kishan b Hardik Pandya 0(1).Hardik Pandya to Pathirana, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Matheesha Pathirana, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Hardik Pandya to Pramod, out Caught by Kohli!! Edged and gone! Full in length outside off, Pramod goes for a drive away from his body and the thick outside edge has been taken at first slip by Kohli. Pramod c Virat Kohli b Hardik Pandya 1(6).Hardik Pandya to Pramod, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Hardik Pandya [2.0-0-3-1] is back into the attack.Kuldeep Yadav to Hemantha, no run, googly around middle and off, Hemantha guides it back to the bowler.Kuldeep Yadav to Hemantha, no run, on his front foot to defend, but it comes off the pads and lobs into the leg-side.Kuldeep Yadav to Hemantha, no run, straighter delivery on off, Hemantha looks to defend, gets beaten.Kuldeep Yadav to Hemantha, no run, touch fuller around off, pushed back to the bowler by Hemantha.Kuldeep Yadav to Hemantha, no run, full and straight outside off, Hemantha gets beaten.Kuldeep Yadav to Pramod, 1 run, 50 up for Sri Lanka and a big cheer from the crowd. Was a floated delivery on middle and it was nudged into the leg-side by Pramod.Kuldeep Yadav, left-arm chinaman, comes into the attack.A slip and leg slip in place.Siraj to Hemantha, no run, full in length outside off, Hemantha goes for a drive, gets beaten.Siraj to Hemantha, no run, short and quick on off, Hemantha rides the bounce and pats it into the off-side.Siraj to Pramod, leg byes, 1 run, fired on leg, Pramod looks to flick it away, but it thuds into the pads and rolls to square leg.Siraj to Hemantha, 1 run, pitched up by the bowler on off, Hemantha slices it through backward point for one.Siraj to Hemantha, 6 runs, some bonus runs for Sri Lanka. Hemantha got an inside edge towards fine leg. The throw comes in at the keeper's end where Kohli gathers the ball and has a shy at the bowler's end. A wayward throw with no one backing up and it's four bonus for Sri Lanka.Siraj to Hemantha, no run, that shapes back in sharply to beat Hemantha's defence. Misses the inside edge and the stumps by a whisker.Siraj to Hemantha, wide, fired down the leg-side and it's a wide ball.Tavinder Singh: If Rohit, Gill & Kohli want to enjoy batting, they should start bowling now..Hardik Pandya to Pramod, no run, ouch! Was a short ball that didn't rise as much as the batter anticipated. Pramod tries to duck underneath, but gets hit on the helmet grille.Hardik Pandya to Pramod, no run, pitched up by the bowler on off, Pramod drives it crisply to wide mid-off.Hardik Pandya to Pramod, no run, short of a length around middle and leg, clipped into the leg-side by Pramod.Pramod Madushan, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Six wicket hauls in Asia Cup ODIs
6/13 Ajantha Mendis vs Ind Karachi 2008
6/13 Mohd Siraj vs SL Colombo RPS 2023 *.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, out Caught by Rahul!! Another one bites the dust! Hardik Pandya goes short and quick on leg, it's a well directed bouncer at the body. Wellalage looks to get out of the way but gets hurried up due to the pace. The ball thuds into the gloves and lobs towards the keeper as Rahul completes the formalities. India were bowled out for 54 by Sri Lanka back in 2000. Will they be able to return favours in this game? Wellalage c Rahul b Hardik Pandya 8(21).Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Hardik Pandya to Hemantha, 1 run, pitched up by the bowler on off, Hemantha square drives this through cover-point for a single.Hardik Pandya to Hemantha, no run, on the pads, Hemantha nudges this into the leg-side.Siraj to Wellalage, no run, full and a bit of away swing from off. Defended.Siraj to Hemantha, 1 run, full and wide, pushed out towards square third-man.Three slips and a gully in place.Siraj to Hemantha, FOUR, full on the pads, glanced through a vacant mid-wicket region for a stylish boundary.Siraj to Hemantha, no run, pitched up on middle stump, defended back to the bowler.Siraj to Hemantha, wide, full and down the leg side.Dushan Hemantha, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, out Bowled!! Knocked over!! Get Joe Root, Steve Smith, Kane Williamson and Virat Kohli batting against him and he'd still nip them all out cheaply today. Seldom believable has this spell of fast bowling from Mohammed Siraj been. This is a fast inswinger, gets a bit of an inside edge as Mendis goes for the drive and then wrecks the stumps. Kusal Mendis b Siraj 17(34) [4s-3].Siraj to Kusal Mendis, THATS OUT!! Bowled!!.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, full and outside off, a big swing and miss across the line.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, 2 runs, banged in short, pulled a bit awkwardly but over the infield towards deep square. Two runs taken.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, fuller and gets Wellalage on the pads as he shimmied across to play it. A half appeal for LBW but Hardik isn't too keen, pitching outside leg perhaps....Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, fraction short on off stump, dabbed towards backward point.Stat: Six wickets taken is the most for India in the first 10 overs for India in an ODI..Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, pitched up and closer to off, defended.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, full on off stump, defended towards backward point.Hardik Pandya to Wellalage, no run, right on the money!! Length ball that holds its line and beats Wellalage on the outside edge.Hardik Pandya, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack.Most wickets in the first 10 overs for India in an ODI (Since 2002)
5 Mohd Siraj vs SL Colombo RPS 2023
4 Javagal Srinath vs SL Johannesburg 2003
4 Bhuvneshwar vs SL Port of Spain 2013
4 Jasprit Bumrah vs Eng The Oval 2022
4 Mohd Siraj vs SL Trivandrum 2023.Cricbuzz Comm Box: India v Sri Lanka, Final, 1st innings, Over No. 10...Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, 134 clicks, full on off stumps, well defended.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, good length outside off, no shot offered.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, edged & just short..... Fuller and just outside off, Mendis has a poke and he played with soft hands. Lands a few metres in front of Kohli at first slip. Siraj points towards KL to signal that probably he should have dived for that catch..Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, 137 clicks, length ball that nipped inwards, Mendis inside edges it onto his groin area. Groans in pain and needs a bit of a breather....Siraj to Wellalage, 1 run, full and wider, Wellalage hangs out his bat to push to the right of the cover fielder for a single.Stat: Mohd Siraj took 1002 balls to get to his 50th ODI wicket - the second quickest for any bowler in the history of ODIs, only behind Ajantha Mendis' 847 balls to the milestone..Siraj to Wellalage, no run, oof.... length ball that keeps low, just past the off stump. Dies down after pitching and Rahul collects after 4-5 bounces.Just a reminder, time is Colombo, not Cape Town. Don't let the scorecard deceive you!!.Bumrah to Wellalage, 1 run, 142 clicks, full and angling in from round the wicket, clipped to the left of mid-wicket.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, good length on off, Mendis slightly squared up but manages to guide it towards wide third-man.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, fuller delivery that shapes away late, Mendis gets a thick outside edge wide of second slip and third-man is too wide. Second boundary of the over.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, good length on off stump, defended.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, smart shot!! A loose ball, it was short and wide, Mendis gets on top of the bounce and punches it over the point fielder for a boundary.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, 139 clicks, full on middle and leg, driven down the ground and Rohit from mid-on dives and parries it to his left. Saves a couple of runs.FYI, the lowest ODI total is 35 runs, scored by Zimbabwe against Sri Lanka. Can that be upstaged today?.Siraj to Wellalage, no run, 138 clicks, full and angling across, beats Wellalage on the outside edge.Siraj to Wellalage, no run, full on the pads, tucked to mid-wicket.Siraj to Wellalage, no run, 134 clicks, length ball outside off, goes over Wellalage's attempted cut shot.Siraj to Wellalage, no run, full and angling away, no shot offered.Siraj to Wellalage, no run, 136 clicks, back of length delivery angling outside off, shoots up and Rahul collects beyond his shoulder.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, full and straying down leg, glanced behind square for a single.Bumrah to Wellalage, no run, 138 clicks, banged short outside off. Wellalage gets out of harm's way.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, leg byes, 1 run, 138 clicks, length ball that deflects off the thigh pad towards deep backward square leg.Lowest scores at the fall of sixth wicket in all ODIs
10/6 Canada vs Net King City 2013
12/6 Canada vs SL Paarl 2003
12/6 SL vs Ind Colombo RPS 2023
13/6 SL vs SA Paarl 2012.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, pitched up at the stumps, turned to mid-wicket.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, 139 clicks, fuller delivery on off stump, solidly defended.Bumrah to Wellalage, 3 runs, full on the pads, glanced towards a vacant square leg for a triple. Wellalage is the joint second highest run scorer for Lanka in this ODI now.Three slips now.Bumrah to Wellalage, no run, full and angling outside off, left alone.Siraj to Wellalage, 1 run, full on off stump, driven down the ground past the bowler and Wellalage is off the mark.Siraj to Wellalage, no run, length ball angling outside off, keeps low. No shot offered.Dunith Wellalage, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Siraj to Shanaka, out Bowled!! That's a fifer within 16 balls, surely got to be some kind of record!! Perfectly setup by Siraj, bowled it full and wide all these deliveries, but then pushes it full at middle stump and gets the late movement. Shanaka beaten by the movement and his stumps are a mess. Siraj does the Ronaldo celebration, surely a day he'll never forget!! Shanaka b Siraj 0(4).Siraj to Shanaka, THATS OUT!! Bowled!!.Three slips and a gully.Siraj to Shanaka, no run, 133 clicks, full and much wider, a poke and a miss for the Sri Lankan skipper.Siraj to Shanaka, no run, fuller and just outside off with the movement, beats Shanaka on the edge.Siraj to Shanaka, no run, almost the fifth!! Full and leaves the batter late with the swing. Shanaka got his feet in a tangle trying to defend and narrowly evades edging it. A hushed appeal for caught behind, no review taken.Mohammad Siraj is the first Indian bowler to pick four wickets in an over (where ball by ball data is available)..Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, maiden over! Full and quick on off stump, blocked towards point.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, back of length wide outside off, nipping back in. Left alone.Lowest score at fall of fifth wicket in an ODI final
6/5 SL vs Ban Mirpur 2009
12/5 SL vs Ind Colombo RPS 2023
21/5 SA vs Eng Joburg 2000
28/5 Pak vs Aus Melbourne 2000.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, 138 clicks, full and wobbling away, driven to short cover.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, full and thuds onto the pads, Mendis late on the flick.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, full and another inswinger, goes over the stumps as Mendis trusts his off stump and leaves.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, good length and nipping in, defended.Dasun Shanaka, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Not looking good for Sri Lanka against some top quality fast bowling. The ad break after the wicket lasted a bit longer, perhaps Shanaka wasn't even properly padded up to come out so early in the game....Siraj to Dhananjaya, out Caught by Rahul!! Four wickets in the over, how often do you get to see that in an ODI? This was actually some casual batting from DDS, pushes at a wide outswinger when he could have easily let it pass. Catches a faint edge and Rahul does the rest. Dhananjaya c Rahul b Siraj 4(2) [4s-1].Siraj to Dhananjaya, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Siraj to Dhananjaya, FOUR, hat-trick ball goes for four!! The slip cordon was crowded and there weren't many fielders in front of square. A full and straight delivery, pushed towards a vacant mid-on and Siraj chases after it. He almost reaches it but the ball wins the race....Dhananjaya de Silva, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Siraj to Asalanka, out Caught by Ishan Kishan!! That's the third wicket of the over, Mo Siraj is rocking at RPS!! A full delivery on off, probably stopped on the batter slightly as Asalanka was early on the drive. Chips it straight to Kishan at covers. Disarray for the Lankans as the hero against Pakistan is out without scoring... Asalanka c Ishan Kishan b Siraj 0(1).Siraj to Asalanka, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Charith Asalanka, left handed bat, comes to the crease.Pathum Nissanka in ODIs
vs top 8 ranked teams: 19 inngs | Avg 26 | SR 77
vs lower ranked teams: 21 inngs | Avg 50 | SR 88.Siraj to Samarawickrama, out Lbw!! The in-form Samarawickrama is out for a duck!! A superb inswinger from Siraj, pitched a bit fuller and nips in sharply, almost like an off cutter. Skids on too and Samarawickrama is late on his shot and plays the wrong line. Struck in front of middle and ball tracking confirms it would have struck the top of leg. Sri Lanka lose another batter and a review, India all over the hosts like a rash. Samarawickrama lbw b Siraj 0(2).Siraj to Samarawickrama, THATS OUT!! Lbw!!.Review taken by Samarawickrama for LBW. The umpire raised his finger instantly and this one looks plumb. Hit near the knee roll and no bat for sure, Three reds, would have hit the top of leg..Siraj to Samarawickrama, no run, 143 clicks, fraction short and outside off. A sighter for Samarawickrama and he shoulders arms.Sadeera Samarawickrama, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Three slips now, Rohit joins Gill and Kohli.Siraj to Nissanka, out Caught by Jadeja!! Gone!! The pressure was telling and something had to give. A length ball that nipped inwards and Nissanka has to play at it. He punches it and opens the bat face slightly to take it behind square, but Jadeja flings himself to his right from backward point to take a regulation catch by his standards. Both Sri Lankan openers back in the hut. Nissanka c Jadeja b Siraj 2(4).Siraj to Nissanka, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, good length and much wider outside off, dies down on the keeper as Mendis shoulders arms.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, after four balls that left the batter, Bumrah unleashes the big inswinger. Strikes Mendis on the pads but would have slid down the leg side.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, 140 clicks, fuller and closer to off. Driven towards the point fielder.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, 140 clicks, length ball with some late wobble outside off. Mendis with a tentative poke and miss.Kusal Perera's wicket was the first one for Jasprit Bumrah in the first over of an innings in ODIs..Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, 142 clicks, length ball outside off, Mendis had a poke but missed.Bumrah to Nissanka, 1 run, fuller and angles onto the pads, tucked behind square and there was a bit of hesitation but Sundar's throw was well wide.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, maiden over!! Once again a length ball, holds its shape. Kusal Mendis stepped out to try and negate the swing, tried to punch it away but beaten on the outside edge again.David Raja: Boom Boom is back in style..Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, once again!! Good luck to the Sri Lankan batters trying to play this quality of swing bowling. Another length ball that shapes away late, beats the outside edge by a whisker..Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, peach!! 137 clicks, length ball outside off, wobbles away slightly and narrowly evades the edge.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, full outside off, swings away and keeps low again. Ignored.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, 136 clicks, full and holds its line outside off, beats Mendis on the drive. Very close to the edge.Siraj to Kusal Mendis, no run, 132 clicks, length ball that wobbles outside off, keeps a tad low as well. Mendis shoulders arms.Mohammed Siraj, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack.What a first over by Jasprit Bumrah, it is like he has the ball on a string....Bumrah to Nissanka, no run, good length and this time the inswinger. Nissanka defends it late.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, 141 clicks, Bumrah upping the pace as he goes full on off stump. Once again late swing to catch a thick edge towards the third-man fielder.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, wide, good length outside off, swings away further. Umpire calls wide.Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, 139 clicks, a tame low full toss outside off and Kusal Mendis drives to the left of Hardik at mid-off to get going with a boundary.Kusal Mendis, right handed bat, comes to the crease.Bumrah to Kusal Perera, out Caught by Rahul!! Edged & taken!! Just 3 balls for Bumrah to make an impact. Very similar to the previous delivery, pitches around middle and swings away, tempts Perera to push at it as the ball sways wider and takes the edge. Nice smart catch by KL Rahul low to his left. Kusal Perera c Rahul b Bumrah 0(2).Bumrah to Kusal Perera, THATS OUT!! Caught!!.Bumrah to Kusal Perera, no run, 135 clicks, angling across devilishly to beat Perera on the outside edge. That swayed quite a distance after pitching.Bumrah to Nissanka, 1 run, full and gets a bit of swing straight away. Wobbles away after pitching and gets a thick edge towards third-man. Jasprit Bumrah on the money straightaway!!.Nissanka and Kusal Perera are at the crease. Nissanka is on strike. Bumrah will open the attack.Yeasin Islam: There should be a swimming competition, beside cricket whenever a match is going to be played in Sri Lanka...India in their team huddle. It is Hardik Pandya giving the pep talk to the rest of the boys, not Rohit. Sri Lanka's openers are out on the pitch. Bumrah with the new cherry, two slips for him. Let's play....15:25 Local Time, 09:55 GMT, 15:25 IST: Umpires had a look in the middle and they have had a chat with the captains. We start play at 3:40 PM..15:20 Local Time, 09:50 GMT, 15:20 IST: Pitch inspection scheduled for 3:30 PM, play likely to start by 3:45 PM..15:16 Local Time, 09:46 GMT, 15:16 IST: Some activity on the ground. Umpires having a chat with Rohit and Rahul Dravid. And now the covers are slowly being moved away. Hopefully, we can start the cricket soon....14:59 Local Time, 09:29 GMT, 14:59 IST: The rain has picked up a bit now. Surely not starting on time... The hope is that is just one passing rain cloud, so once that clears we should get some cricket soon. The entire ground has been covered..14:56 Local Time, 09:26 GMT, 14:56 IST: Oops... The covers are on. A little drizzle at the moment and the groundsmen have reacted proactively. We might have a slightly delayed start..Rahul Dravid | Indian Head Coach: We were a bit worried about the weather, but we've got decent cricket throughout the tournament. Hopefully, we can get over the line today. Sometimes, you won't be at your best but to scrap out a win. Some of the catching and fielding in the earlier game against Sri Lanka was really impressive. We need to play good, smart cricket. They are a good team playing in home conditions, we need to execute our skills and scrap out a win. (On Injuries) All teams are in a similar position, injuries so close to the WC could really cost you. We just need to keep our fingers crossed, trust our processes. We are in a tricky situation where some guys need to be rested, while some guys need some cricket. It is a tricky balance to achieve..Teams:.India (Playing XI): Rohit Sharma(c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, KL Rahul(w), Ishan Kishan, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Washington Sundar, Jasprit Bumrah, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Siraj.Sri Lanka (Playing XI): Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Perera, Kusal Mendis(w), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka, Dhananjaya de Silva, Dasun Shanaka(c), Dunith Wellalage, Dushan Hemantha, Pramod Madushan, Matheesha Pathirana.Rohit Sharma: Would have batted first too, looks like a dry pitch. We are confident of chasing down whatever Sri Lanka put on the board. This is a good chance to go aggressive with the ball and see what the surface has to offer. We came really close last game, anything about 240 on this surface is good. Our job today is to do well with the ball, and then see what we can do with the bat. The crowd have been brilliant, good support for both teams but probably a bit more for Sri Lanka. Hopefully, they get to witness a good final. Everyone's back after the rest in the last game, Axar is injured so Washington Sundar comes in for him..Dasun Shanaka: We'll bat first. Seems like a good wicket, there will be some turn in the afternoon. Last year, we weren't able to get these crowds but this time we are really fortunate. I'm very pleased with the youngsters - Wellalage, Pathirana, Samarawickrama. It is a good team and the results are there, this is a good boost for the WC. One change for us - Theekshana out, Dushan Hemantha in..Cricbuzz Live Hindi: India v Sri Lanka, Final, Pre-match show...Sri Lanka have won the toss and have opted to bat.Pitch Report | Sanjay Manjrekar and Dominic Cork: Fresh pitch for the final. Colombo pitches have generally been useful for the spinners. We are right next to the pitch used for the earlier India Sri Lanka game. It is a dry surface, 70m boundaries all directions. As a captain, it'll be better to be batting first and then hope for some turn at night..Standing in the way are Sri Lanka, who absolutely love the Asia Cup. They've made it to 12 out of 16 finals, and they are the defending champs as well. A zen like flick behind square from Charith Asalanka off the last ball of the match is what has got them to the final, as they upstaged a top ranked Pakistani team. Sri Lanka are a young side bubbling full of self confident guys who aim for the moon and possess the potential to reach there. Despite missing a few of the regulars, the likes of Kusal Mendis, Sadeera Samarawickrama, Dunith Wellalage have stood up and made the world take notice. And their biggest strength is perhaps a really devoted home crowd. The ones in the stadium stayed on into the wee hours of Thursday night to celebrate, almost certainly missing their last buses and trains to get back home. All those fans will turn up once again today and make life difficult for the Indians. We should be in for a thrilling final, hang around....13:59 Local Time, 08:29 GMT, 13:59 IST: A cloudy afternoon in Colombo is the setting for this year’s Asia Cup final. While we are expected to get a timely start, just like most other matches we might be playing a bit of hide-and-seek with the rain Gods as the day progresses. Team India corrected last year’s mistakes to get to the final of the Asia Cup without many hiccups, but they did falter against Bangladesh while playing a much weakened side. But the good news from that game is that everyone from the top-order in now looking in fine touch and amongst the runs, while their bowling attack looks galvanized by a returning Bumrah and a talisman Kuldeep Yadav. With less than a month to go for a home World Cup, a win today will be the perfect prep for this side that have recently faltered in 'do-or-die' situations..Asia Cup 2023: India v Sri Lanka, Final, Preview (Hindi)...Preview:

Following commanding victories against Nepal and Pakistan, India had to play two close contests - resulting in a victory and a loss each - en route to the 2023 Asia Cup final. Much like how Sri Lanka saw their passage to the summit clash of a tournament that has already been played under the shadows of a much bigger goal, the upcoming World Cup. Not that the Sunday encounter will be used as a glorified practice game, but the sheen of it is unlikely to be carried for too long.

There are certainly bigger areas of concerns for both teams to contend with, but not one that should leave them entirely dismayed. Has India found its best combination? Are Sri Lanka aware of its best pace pack and opening duo? One man down each - Axar Patel and Maheesh Theekshana - ruled out with their respective injuries, there is an opportunity for the finalists to go deeper in search of strong alternatives and back-ups.

If the last few games of the ongoing Asian championship offered anything apart from nail-biting contests, it was answers to a few questions.

Is batting depth overrated in ODIs? Is there really a need to compromise on the quality of bowling to fit in players with better batting reputations at Nos. 8 and 9?

While Dunith Wellalage and Maheesh Theekshana played their part for Sri Lanka much like Bangladesh and Pakistan's lower order, the answer most notably came from India's Axar Patel.

A 36-ball 26 against Sri Lanka in a low-scorer and a 34-ball 42 in a challenging run-chase against Bangladesh. The results of the contests notwithstanding, despite underwhelming returns with the ball, Axar managed to make strong contributions to the team's cause.

Axar may be absent for the Asia Cup final, but it has allowed India to further their already lengthy experimentation of finding the perfect combination. Added to the list, as a replacement, now is Washington Sundar. With Hardik Pandya offering strong support in the pace department, can India afford to go with three spinners in order to strengthen that lower order?

When: Sunday, September 17, 2023, 15:00 Local Time

Where: India vs Sri Lanka, Asia Cup 2023 Final, R Premadasa Stadium, Colombo

What to expect: Thundershowers are expected on Sunday. Even as there is a reserve day, expect reduced overs and numerous rain breaks.

Team News

India: Axar Patel has been ruled out of the final after suffering injuries while batting in the match against Bangladesh. Washington Sundar has been drafted in as his replacement and could directly make it to the XI.

Likely XI: Rohit Sharma, Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, Ishan Kishan, KL Rahul, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Washington Sundar/Shardul Thakur, Jasprit Bumrah, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Siraj

Sri Lanka: Maheesh Theekshana has been ruled out of the final due to a hamstring injury and 27-year-old offspinner Sahan Arachchige has been named his replacement. Sri Lanka have other questions to answer though. Who are their two best pacers? What's their best opening combination?

Likely XI: Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Perera, Kusal Mendis(w), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka, Dhananjaya de Silva, Dasun Shanaka(c), Dunith Wellalage, Pramod Madhushan/Dushan Hemantha, Kasun Rajitha, Matheesha Pathirana

What they said:

[Shubman] Gill's hundred was brilliant. He backs his game, he knows exactly how he wants to play. Pretty clear on what he wants to do for the team. Look at his form over the last year. Pretty solid against the new ball. Works really hard; there's no optional practice for Gill - Rohit Sharma, Indian captain after the loss against Bangladesh

We had the discussion going before the batting. The coaching staff and I spoke about the mistakes that were made in the India game, wickets were given away in the first 10 overs. Today, we did not want to make that mistake. Kusal [Mendis] and Sadeera [Samarawickrama] are the best players of spin at the moment. Charith [Asalanka] was great, it's a character of a great player. It's a special feeling to play back-to-back finals - Dasun Shanaka, Sri Lanka captain, after the close win against Pakistan.Squads:.India Squad: Rohit Sharma(c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, KL Rahul(w), Ishan Kishan, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Shardul Thakur, Jasprit Bumrah, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Siraj, Mohammed Shami, Washington Sundar, Suryakumar Yadav, Shreyas Iyer, Prasidh Krishna, Tilak Varma.Sri Lanka Squad: Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Perera, Kusal Mendis(w), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka, Dhananjaya de Silva, Dasun Shanaka(c), Dunith Wellalage, Pramod Madushan, Matheesha Pathirana, Sahan Arachchige, Dushan Hemantha, Kasun Rajitha, Binura Fernando, Dimuth Karunaratne.